Deterministic debugging with Delve And the state of Delve
Support for mini-debuginfo in LLDB How to read the .gnu_debugdata section.
Postmodern strace
Our road to a k8s/GKE based Closed Build Environment A small journey to an autoscaling build env ba…
Uplift your Linux systems programming skills with systemd and D-Bus Practical examples and best pra…
GRUB upstream and distros cooperation
Low-end platform profiling with HawkTracer profiler
Debugging apps running in Kubernetes An overview of the tooling available
Maggy: Asynchronous distributed hyperparameter optimization based on Apache Spark Asynchronous algo…
Sharing memories of Python and Rust The story of a lifetime inside Mercurial
cargo deny Fearlessly update your dependencies
Sharing Reproducible Results in a Container A container you can build anywhere
Efficient Model Selection for Deep Neural Networks on Massively Parallel Processing Databases
Homebrew: Features and Funding
dav1d: 1 year later dav1d is a fast AV1 decoder
Testing Navit using Device Farms
VoIP Troubleshooting and Monitoring FAQs
Software distribution: new points of failure In a censored world
STAC: Search and discovery of geospatial assets Introducing a new cloud-native cataloging specifica…
Monitoring strawberries Building observability for indoor farming
Modern VoIP in Modern Infrastructures Designing and implementing VoIP architectures in the cloud an…
Advancing the Future of CI/CD Together How the Continuous Delivery Foundation is working to advance…
Reinventing Home Directories Let's bring the UNIX concept of Home Directories into the 21st century
Choosing The Right Deployment Strategy
Speed up the monolith building a smart reverse proxy in Go
Knocking Down the Nest secushareBOX - p2p & encrypted IoT and beyond...
Arabesque: a geographic flow visualization application
Building an open source data lake at scale in the cloud
GeoServer Basics
DAT protocol in the browser: Progress and Challenges
openEO: Interoperable geoprocessing in the cloud An open API to connect clients to EO cloud provide…
Boost.Geometry R-tree - speeding up geographical computation.
WebRTC isn't just for (video) conference calls
GNUnet: A network protocol stack for building secure, distributed, and privacy-preserving applicati…
Reverse Geocoding is not easy How doing another mundane geocoding service can provide exciting geos…
Close lid to encrypt Hard disk encryption in Linux suspend mode
Async await in Nim A demonstration of the flexibility metaprogramming can bring to a language
From a Pipeline to a Government Cloud How the UK government deploy a Platform-as-a-Service using Co…
Unit Testing with JUnit Jupiter - How to Use the new JUnit Jupiter Platform
RaptorJIT: a fast, dynamic systems programming language Forking LuaJIT to target heavy-duty server …
Classify things in Go: the easy way. Building classifiers quickly with the community contributions.
Designing an ultra low-overhead multithreading runtime for Nim Exposing fine-grained parallelism fo…
rav1e - 0.3.0 and after What we did so far and what will do in the future
A small, FRP DSL for distributed systems Mgmt Config: More about our language
Tesselle image viewer Ease viewing and sharing High Resolution images on the web
Kotlin MP: Into the Multi-Verse
Librecast: Privacy and Decentralization with Multicast IPv6 Multicast and the Next Generation Inter…
Test Software On Emulated Hardware In Containers... In The Cloud
X11 and Wayland: A tale of two implementations Implementing the hikari window manager/compositor
Nim on everything From microcontrollers to web-sites, C and JS as intermediary languages
Bringing back ethics to open source
Free Software Radio Devroom Introduction and Hackfest Review
FreeBSD Around the World!
NetBSD Native APIs - A Userland Perspective (Audio, Input) Discussing and encouraging the adoption …
Getting Your Virtual Hands On RIST
GStreamer on the Magic Leap One
Forth - The New Synthesis Growing Forth with preForth and seedForth
FreeBSD and LLVM support What is LLVM all about and how it integrates FreeBSD system
How to evolve the GNU Radio scheduler Embracing and breaking legacy
The Space Operations Facility of FH Aachen (FHASOF) The role of freely available and open-source so…
r2cloud - Decode satellite signals on Raspberry PI
Welcome to the BSD devroom
The Rise and Fall and Rise of JPEG2000 Currently a niche codec, recent enhancements to the JPEG 200…
Move semantics in Nim Deterministic Memory Management
Platform independent CPU/FPGA co-design: the OscImp-Digital framework G. Goavec-Merou, P.-Y. Bourge…
srsLTE project update
OpenBeans IDE - Creating an Apache NetBeans Distribution
Fibonacci Spirals and 21 Ways to Contribute to Postgres—Beyond Code
Software Defined Radio based scientific instrumentation using SDR frontends and oscilloscopes for f…
RTFM
openwifi Opensource "Wi-Fi chip design" and Linux driver
IOT Lightning Talks Show us your IOT pet project, 5mins each, don't be shy
From Swagger to Kotlin via Gradle Generating your network code has never been so easy
Designing a DSL with Kotlin
Confessions of a Serial K–otlin Multiplatform–er __just don’t 𝚎𝚡𝚙𝚎𝚌𝚝 too much__
Useful coroutine patterns for Android applications
Language Server Protocol & Debug Adapter Protocol to the Rescue of Web Development in Eclipse IDE
How secure is your build/server? a story of packages and trust
Continuous Delivery starts with Continuous Infrastructure
Automate your workflows with Kotlin Forget everything about bash and perl!
Diversity, Finally
Generate a DeepSpeech model with the help of your community How to get fun with teamwork
Multiplatform Kotlin Library Development
Discover the New Firefox Profiler
OpenPush  Introducing a Free, Decentralized Push Messaging Framework for Android
What are the Top 10 Frustrations for Web Developers and Designers? Lessons from the 2019 MDN Develo…
SCION Future internet that you can use today
Demonstration of the Sculpt Operating System
Facilitating distributed deterministic computation with WASI
What Makes People Come and What Makes Them Stay
A Brief Survey through Genode's ARMv8 Playground
Rendering QML to make videos in Kdenlive How QML, a language prominently used for designing UI, is …
Open Source Hardware for Industrial use OSHW model has benefits for SOC vendors, industrial manufac…
VUOS: Give Your Processes a New VU
Building an Open-Source based audio streaming platform
BSP generator for 3000+ ARM microcontrollers
HelenOS in the Year of the Pig
FOSDEM Video Box A bespoke HDMI capture device for conferences.
MaadiX, your cloud in your hands Tool Kit and Graphical interface for VPS management
Continuous Integration for Open Hardware Projects
Open Adult Education: a curriculum to bridge the digital skills gap with free and open source techn…
European Software Engineering funded research What has happened under Horizon 2020 and what we alre…
Tools and mechanisms to debug BPF programs
GDB pipelines -- convenience iteration over inferior data structures Bringing MDB's "walkers" to GDB
Memcheck Reloaded dealing with compiler-generated branches on undefined values
Open and federated identities with ID4me An alternative to "sign in with Facebook"
VSCode Extension for OpenShift Developers
zbus: yet another D-Bus library The why, how & WTH of creating a pure D-Bus Rust crate
Extending the lifetime of smartphones with Replicant, a fully free Android distribution
File sharing & storage for human rights organizations A design research case study
Discover dependency license information with ClearlyDefined License discovery and record-keeping fo…
Apache DataSketches A Production Quality Sketching Library for the Analysis of Big Data
Explicitly Supporting Stretch Clusters in Ceph
Introduction to the devroom and the Open Source Design collective
Dissecting the inline keyword in Kotlin A deep-dive into the internal working of the inline keyword
Almonit: Decentralized Websites and Web Services
Android Content Providers for the Web Using decentralized storage to share data between apps
sled and rio modern database engineering with io_uring
How Kotlin can change developer experience with modern graphics APIs
Write Safer JavaScript Applications with TypeScript!
Idiomatic Kotlin Microservices A live coding session on how to go pure Kotlin with microservices
Working with spatial trajectories in Boost Geometry
Is the web rea11y for all? Firefox DevTools & A11y
A Mozilla IoT Forecast thats Sunny and Clear -- No Clouds! WebThings by Mozilla
JavaScript on Microcontrollers
How Firefox upholds its values and keeps up with change
XR adds: “Try before you buy”
seL4 Microkernel Status Update
Make it accessible Tips and tricks for create a good accessible frontend
IoT Projects in FLOSS Foundations A report based on communities data
Introduction to G-Expressions Introduction to G-Expressions
Phantom OS Orthogonal Persistence-based OS Intro and Design Concepts
NOVA Microhypervisor on ARMv8-A
FOSS in Animation The state of Free and Open Source software in the Animation and VFX Industry
Celebrating Guile 2020 Lessons Learned in the Last Lap to Guile 3
DuckDB An Embeddable Analytical Database
The best of both worlds? Static and dynamic typing in the Crystal programming language
The year of the virtual Linux desktop
NetBSD - Not Just For Toasters
On-hardware debugging of IP cores with free tools
FaaS You Like It: Create Serverless Functions & Run Anywhere
Prioritizing is key How to prioritize thousands of bugs without dying in the attempt
How to run Linux on RISC-V  with open hardware and open source FPGA tools
The elfutils debuginfod server
Cooperative Perception in Future Cars using GNU Radio
Gofish - a Go library for Redfish and Swordfish
gr-satellites latests developments
Find your slow queries, and fix them!
An ultimate guide to upgrading your PostgreSQL installation
A Deep Dive into PostgreSQL Indexing
U:Kit: Open-source software and hardware smoke detector
Open Source - Killing standards organizations or saving them Open source and standards join forces …
Beyond the Pile of Knobs: Usability and Design for Privacy, Security, Safety & Consent Privacy and …
PipeWire in the Automotive Industry
Integrating Julius Speech Recognition Engine
Evolution of path based Geo-replication in Gluster
Some Excerpts from the Theory of Design in Architecture
Creating Word Clouds with OpenOffice Text mining and visualization in Writer
Designing to change it all Designing processes and designing some products on the way...
Linux Kernel Library A Library Version of Linux Kernel
UI/UX Tips & Tricks for developers
FOSDEM infrastructure review
Design contributions to OSS: Learnings from the Open Design project at Ushahidi Structuring in-pers…
Build real-world gaming hardware with TinyGo Make toys and other contraptions that run on Go
Threat Modelling for Developers
Accessibility in MuseScore Our experience with Qt and QML
Boosting Python with Rust The case of Mercurial
Optimizing rav1e Effective profiling techniques and optimization strategies
Introducing Tanka From configuration as data to configuration as code
rustdoc: beyond documentation All the goodies packed in rustdoc, and more
Introducing libeconf Bringing systemd-like configuration layering to everything else
Progress of Rust and WASM in 2019 The year in review
Task Scheduling of Software-Defined Radio Kernels in Heterogeneous Chips: Opportunities and Challen…
Open Source design - Africa Open Source Design movement in Africa
LibreOffice lockdown and encryption improvements
Heads OEM device ownership/reownership : A tamper evident approach to remote integrity attestation …
Landscape of new challenges in modern virtualization platforms Tackling new issues in virtualizatio…
An event based approach for CI/CD pipelines What challenges are there in the communication between …
FASTEN: Scaling static analyses to ecosystems
Overview of Bareos What is Bareos and what is new in 19.2?
What's up on Haiku? R1/beta2, packaging, porting and contributing.
COLLAB: How can we give users standing in free/open software/hardware?
Integrating new major components on fast and slow moving distributions How latest GNOME desktop was…
Nouveau Status update The overdue Nouveau status update talk.
Distributed HPC Applications with Unprivileged Containers
Running virtual machines out of thin air
oVirt-Plugin for Bareos Backing up oVirt using Bareos
The State of (Full) Text Search in PostgreSQL 12
Rusty instruments Building Digital Musical Instruments with Rust and friends
A VM journey from VMware to Kubernetes
Reaching "EPYC" Virtualization Performance Case Study: Tuning VMs for Best Performance on AMD EPYC …
GNU Guix as an alternative to the Yocto Project
Open Source Under Attack How we, the OSI and others can defend it
Are You Testing Your Observability? Patterns for Instrumenting Your Services
virtio-fs A shared file system for virtual machines
Openoffice Build system A walk through building OpenOffice
Online Open Document Editing New Possibilities
Lightning talk session
Lisp everywhere! Gurudom is around the corner
NFS Ganesha
ERASER: Early-stage Reliability And Security Estimation for RISC-V An open source framework for res…
Run ZFS in userspace How we used ZFS in userspace for storage engine cStor
Integration Processes Data flowing the easy way
Geo-spatial queries on multi-petabyte weather data archives
Building Homebridge with the Yocto Project
coverity and oss-fuzz issue solving common patterns for solving reported issues
Creating GPX tracks from cycle routes in OpenStreetMap Using the OverpassAPI to download and proces…
Orchestrating jails with nomad and pot A container-based cloud computing platform for FreeBSD
Asynchronous Directory Operations in CephFS
seccomp — Your Next Layer of Defense
Rook Cloud Native Storage for Kubernetes Overview and what is new about Rook
Management of Storage on OpenShift Managing storage was never so easy
Automating Programming and Development of Heterogeneous SoCs with LLVM Tools
KDE on FreeBSD
Creating symphonies in JavaScript
Getting inspired by open software for a web site: g3n.fyi
Percona Backup for MongoDB: Status and Plans Open Source solution for consistent backups of multi-s…
New features of Vue 3.0
PWAs on steroids
State of Node.js Core
Building Decentralized Social Virtual Reality using WebXR on your browser
The Heptapod project Bringing Mercurial to GitLab
MobilityDB Managing mobility data in PostGIS
Make Online yours How to customize Collabora Online
Contributing to LibreOffice without C++ knowledge
Open Source Support Program by OTA
NGI Zero: A treasure trove of tech awesome Sampling through the Next Generation Internet initiative
RedisJSON  A document DB in Rust
ROS2: The evolution of Robot Operative System
GeoNetwork Basics
How to write a scikit-learn compatible estimator/transformer Tips and tricks, testing your estimato…
Getting started with FPGA's for Packet Processing Intel FPGA opportunities
Legal Organizer's Panel
Communication Break Down | Coroutines
Advancing science with Dataverse Publication, discovery, citation, and exploration of research data.
When Python meets GraphQL: Managing contributors identities in your open source project
Prototyping the Internet of Things with Wyliodrin STUDIO An open source platform for building IoT p…
Pattern Based Code Generation for GPUs
Go REUSE to license your code Free Software licensing made simple for everyone
Divide and map. Now. the damn project
emissions API a service to easily access air quality data from remote sensing
Regaining sovereignty over your router Router freedom
MySQL Goes to 8!
Retro music - Open Cubic Player
Making poetry with Racket Come and see how to make Poems that are also Code!
CoffeeBeam A BEAM VM for Android
Quantum classifiers, robust data encodings, and software to implement them
SECCOMP your PostgreSQL
The TTM memory manager A general overview and an update on graphics memory  management in the kernel
Quantum Advantage and Quantum Computing in the Real World
dqlite: High-availability SQLite An embeddable, distributed and fault tolerant SQL engine
Quantum computer brands: connecting apples and oranges
Spring & Steam, an Odyssey
Why the GPL is great for business Debunking the current business licensing discussion
Why open infrastructure matters
A minimal pur object-oriented reflective language A minimal pur object-oriented reflective language
Welcome to the Retrocomputing DevRoom 2020
FOSSH - 2000 to 2020 and beyond! maddog continues to pontificate
SimulaQron - a simulator for developing quantum internet software
The State of PTXdist
The core values of software freedom
Cappulada: What we've Learned
libliftoff status update Taking advantage of KMS planes
The consequences of sync_binlog != 1
WebMIDI The garlic bread of the music industry
Ephemeral Environments For Developers In Kubernetes
puavo.org Linux desktops in Finnish schools
State of OpenJDK
Embedded systems, the road to Linux Early boot, comparing and explaining different systems.
Quantum circuit optimisation, verification, and simulation with PyZX
Quantum computing hardware and control systems
The Ethics of Open Source A Critical Reflection
How to integrate secure elements A visually annotated summary of Opensource compatible secure eleme…
Developing from the field Shifting design processes and roles between makers and practitioners arou…
Quantum Open Source Foundation
Universal package & service discovery with Guix Α universal functional package manager and operatin…
In Memory of our Friend, Lars Kurth
How Yocto extra tools help industrial project Yocto is not (only) bitbake
Building a low-cost test fixture
io_uring in QEMU: high-performance disk I/O for Linux
PICTOR: A free-to-use open source radio telescope
A tool for Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) management, OpenOlitor
SpecFuzz: Bringing Spectre-type vulnerabilities to the surface
actinia: geoprocessing in the cloud
Kubernetes on ARM64 Raspberry PI 4 Kubernetes cloud for a few Euros!!
Web compatibility and ML Improving webcompat issue triaging using ML
Verifpal Cryptographic Protocol Analysis for Students and Engineers
Linux memory management at scale Building the future of kernel resource management
Be The Leader You Need in Open Source Learn key skills to guide yourself and your project towards a…
Inspektor Gadget and traceloop Tracing containers syscalls using BPF
Extending and embedding: containerd project use cases A 2020 containerd project update and descript…
GNU Mes  Scheme-only bootstrap and beyond
Modern asynchronism with coroutines Presentation and best practices of the coroutines framework
The next generation of contributors is not on IRC Discussing communication channels for inclusive o…
How (Not) To Containerise Securely Lessons Learned the Hard Way
Evolution of kube-proxy
Kata Containers on openSUSE
HOWTO build a product with OP-TEE
Graphing FreeBSD disk utilization with Prometheus Writing a Prometheus gstat_exporter
Striving for Performance Portability of Software Radio Software in the Era of Heterogeneous SoCs
libratbag A way to configure your input devices
Jumpstarting your business with Odoo
A Vulkan driver for the RPI4 A lesson in futility
Back to the Linux Framebuffer! Linux Framebuffer support in free software
strace --seccomp-bpf: a look under the hood
SDR4IoT - Using SDR for IoT Device Fingerprinting and Localization  A project part of the FED4FIRE+…
Building a self healing system with SaltStack
Open ESP The Heterogeneous Open-Source Platform for Developing RISC-V Systems
Modernizing Distribution of SDR Tools and Libraries with Conan What does cmake have to do with SNR?
Cacheable Overlay Manager RISC-V
PostgreSQL on K8S at Zalando: Two years in production
Building an embedded VoIP network for video intercom systems How to leverage open standards to brin…
Immutable deployments: the new classic way for service deployment Adopt the new immutable infrastru…
RISC-V Boot flow: What's next ?
Foreman meets Ansible
Mgmt Config: Autonomous Datacentres Real-time, autonomous, automation
Doomed are the dinosaurs! Dealing with diversity by utilizing the versatility of Ansible and open s…
Designing for Failure Fault Injection, Circuit Breakers and Fast Recovery
There's no sustainability problem in FOSS Except that there is.
Relax-and-Recover (ReaR) Mass Deployment
Precise, cross-project code navigation at GitHub scale
Relax-and-Recover (ReaR) Basics with Demo on Real Hardware
What are we talking about when we say "open design"?
HPVM: Extending LLVM For Compiling to Heterogeneous Parallel Systems
How lowRISC made its Ibex RISC-V CPU core faster Using open source tools to improve an open source …
XDP and page_pool API
Quality diagrams with PyCirkuit
Lazy distribution of container images Current implementation status of containerd remote snapshotter
Comparing dependency management issues across packaging ecosystems
A community-driven approach towards open innovation for research communication
License compliance for embedded Linux devices with Buildroot
Percona XtraBackup Current and Future State What’s the future of the open-source industry standard …
Collabora Office Android app gory details How we tweaked LibreOffice & the Online to get an Android…
LXD for mixed system containers and VM workloads Introducing LXD's new virtual machine feature
DataLad Perpetual decentralized management of digital objects for collaborative open science
Revamping OpenRefine a reproducible data wrangler
Monads in Python: why and how?
Challenges and opportunities in scientific software development An example from the neurosciences
Apache Spark on planet scale Using Apache Spark to process OpenStreetMap data
Making & Breaking Matrix's E2E encryption In which we exercise the threat model for Matrix's E2E en…
Thoth - a recommendation engine for Python applications
Why is Django 3.0 a revolution for building websites with Python? From WSGI to ASGI and why it matt…
Channel Equalization using GNU Radio  compensating for impairments in the wireless channel, and ext…
Live Demo of Ada's Distribution Features
Welcome to the Ada DevRoom
EUgen: a European Project Proposal Generator
Follow Your Celery Tasks
Improving the culture of automated testing in FOSS
Discover UEFI with U-Boot
Asyncio: understanding async and await in Python
Production-time Profiling for Python
Public clouds and vulnerable CPUs: are we secure?
Introducing HTTPX
FOSS Virtual & Augmented Reality The Monado project & OpenXR
Auto-healing cluster through negative testing
More than one tool for collaborating on writing the Tiki CMS This talk reviews the many collaborati…
How Safe is Asynchronous Master-Master Setup?
Automated Performance Testing for Virtualization with MMTests The Tools, the Challenges and also so…
oVirt 4k - teaching an old dog new tricks
A Rose by Any Other Name Would Run Just as Long Understanding Computational and Hardware Complexity…
Building Blocks for Containerized Ceph How Raw Block PersistentVolumes Changed the Way We Look at S…
RISC-V Hypervisors Where are we ? What next ?
LumoSQL - Experiments with SQLite, LMDB and more SQLite is justly famous, but also has well-known l…
DEBATE: Should FOSS licenses be enforced at all? What means are acceptable if so?
Testing DoH and DoT servers, compliance and performance
Improve your Android app with coroutines Coroutines integration in VLC on Android
Online: wrestling web Copy/Paste to usability Defeating the API and implementation disasters in cop…
Abusing GitLab CI to Test Kernel Patches
KiCad: Back to the Future KiCad and it's role in the growing open hardware movement
Crowdfunding to advance open document editors A status report
One test output format to unite them all
Web3 - the Internet of Freedom, Value, and Trust On exiting the system and reclaiming control of ou…
What's new in Samba ? Latest news from the Samba project
Welcome to KernelCI You're all welcome to the KernelCI project's new home
G1: To infinity and beyond
Ephemeral Pinning: A Dynamic Metadata Management Strategy for CephFS
Incrementality and deck functions Simple protocols and efficient constructions in symmetric cryptog…
Welcome to game development devroom
Building WebGPU with Rust The new foundation for graphics and compute
Userspace networking: beyond the kernel bypass with RDMA! Using the RDMA infrastructure for perform…
Testing a large testing software
Writing Go(od) Tests Writing good tests in golang
Look at ME! Intel ME firmware investigation
How to fail successfully and reliably And look good while doing it
Using crio-lxc with Kubernetes
Encrypt your collaboration with CryptPad Real demo !
Benchmarking LLVM using Embench
Blender projects for 2020
Endless Network Programming − An Update from eBPF Land
Fedora rawhide packages gating, for real! How we have implemented gating rawhide packages in Fedora
COLLAB: The optics of the policy And vice-versa
Just-in-time compiling Java in 2020
DEBATE: Does Careful Inventory of Licensing Bill of Materials Have Real Impact on FOSS License Comp…
JRuby Startup and AOT
LibreOffice Online adoption into 1&1 Mail&Media ecosystem Brief overview of the open-source adoptio…
2nd Generation JavaScript Frameworks & Libraries: Beyond Angular, React, and Vue!
Releasing Software with GitOps How OpenStack manages releases using Git based automation
A 'Thin Arbiter' for glusterfs replication
Pitch your project
Technology challenges for privacy: the case of decentralized social media
CPU performance analysis for MySQL using Hot/Cold Flame Graph
MySQL 8 vs MariaDB 10.4
Web of Twins From IoT to Immersive worlds and beyond...
Simulating noisy quantum devices with QuTiP
Quantum Game with Photons: Tensors in TypeScript, Visualized
The role of open source in building quantum computing ecosystem from scratch Context of a developin…
Open Source Won, but Software Freedom Hasn't Yet A Guide & Commiseration Session for FOSS activists
git-issue Git-based decentralized issue management with GitHub/GitLab integration
Do Linux Distributions Still Matter with Containers?
Journalists are researchers like any others
Are PWAs ready to take over the world? Implementing main progressive web app features in practice
Building Confidence & Overcoming Insecurity The ultimate software supply chain self-help guide
BPF as a revolutionary technology for the container landscape
SCION Future internet that you can use today
Docker Security considerations & Incident Analysis
Securing Existing Software using Formally Verified Libraries
Quantum machine learning with PennyLane
Getting started with quantum software development
Yjs: A CRDT framework for shared editing Enable shared editing in every application
istsos3: Data Analysis and statistical tools and unit conversions GSoC 2017, 18 at OSGeo(istSOS)
FOSDEM@20 - A Celebration The cliché of constant change
What you most likely did not know about sudo…
Kernel Runtime Security Instrumentation LSM+BPF=KRSI
neat-EO.pink: Deep Learning Computer Vision patterns extraction at scale
Spack's new Concretizer Dependency solving is more than just SAT!
Introduction to Ansible collections Ansible collections, The future of Ansible content delivery
Code Workload Management into the Control Plane What it means to be "Kubernetes Native"
boot/loader — How to boot Linux and nothing else
20 mins to write a MySQL Shell Plugin Extend the MySQL Shell with a plugin created from scratch
Capsule Update & LVFS: Improving system firmware updates Improving reliability and security by simp…
Towards decentralized alternatives for code collaboration Building Radicle, a peer-to-peer network …
Building a distributed knowledge base with a Linked Data powered CMS Implementing the vision of the…
Using OpenAPI to Maximise Your Pulp 3 Experience
A Tale of Two Worlds: Assessing the Vulnerability of Enclave Shielding Runtimes
Introduction to Eclipse iceoryx Writing a safe IPC framework for autonomous robots and cars
Improving the Security of Edge Computing Services Update status of the support for AMD and Intel pr…
Ask LLVM developers Anything Panel
The Journal of Open Source Software Credit for invisible work
LLVM and Python Past, Present, Future
Open source UEFI and TianoCore
How Transparent Data Encryption is built in MySQL and Percona Server ?
Flang : The Fortran frontend of LLVM This technical talk introduces the new Fortran fronted of LLVM.
The Confidential Consortium Framework A framework to build secure, highly available, and performant…
OpenSMTPD over the clouds the story of an HA setup
Be secure with Rust & Intel SGX
Modernizing mesa3d.org Let's bring mesa3d.org past web 1.0
Reviving Minitel How web technologies make it easy to emulate Minitel
RISC-V Software and Firmware Development in the Cloud Using OpenPiton+Ariane on Amazon F1
BASICODE: the 8-bit programming API that crossed the Berlin Wall
BlackParrot An Agile Open Source RISC-V Multicore for Accelerator SoCs
repcloud A repacker for PostgreSQL in cloud
Opening Intel Server firmware based on OpenBMC example
Horizon EDA - Version 1.0
lognplot - logging and plotting data from micro's Tracing data on a modern laptop
Bootstrapping minimal reflective language kernels Bootstrapping minimal reflective language kernels
Port luajit to RISC-V Motivation, first steps and perspectives
An Introduction to Ada for Beginning and Experienced Programmers
Alpha Waves, the first 3D platformer ever How 3D graphics worked when there were no graphic cards
Zink Update OpenGL on Vulkan upstream in mesa
Spotlight on Free Software Building Blocks for a Secure Health Data Infrastructure
On the road to sustainable research software.
Benefits of porting Godot Engine to Vulkan List of benefits observed from porting Godot Engine to V…
Supervising and emulating syscalls
Double your contributors using these 3 simple tricks! Why would someone work on your project?
Containers and Steam Putting games under pressure
LLVM and GCC Learning to work together
DSpace 7: A major leap forward for the leading institutional repository platform Tale of a mature, …
Let me tell you about Raku On why syntax is not so important, with an introduction to the emerging …
STEP Reduce Transparent file size reduction for STEP model files
Wallonia GeoChallenge  geodata, ideas and challenges
Integrate Collabora Online with web applications
The good and the bad sides of developing open source tools for neuroscience
Optimizing sandbox creation with a FUSE file system Using sandboxfs to speed up Bazel builds
Compliance management with OpenSCAP and Ansible Using OpenSCAP and Ansible for compliance managemen…
Shrivelling world A Three dimensional visualisation development for representing geographical time-…
Daala Video Codec
Proposal to inspect and highlight styles in Writer
Protect Sensitive Data with Ada Keystore
Hacking Terraform for fun and profit
Comparing Hash Join solution, the good, the bad and the worse.
Stylo : a user friendly text editor for humanities scholars
Infrastructure testing, it's a real thing!
HAC: the Compiler which will Never Become Big
On Rapid Application Development in Ada
Sparselizard: a general purpose multiphysics FEM library Mechanics, fluids, electricity, magnetics,…
Designing a performant and scalable graph processing python package
Past, Present and Future of DRLM project
The ultimate guide to HTTP resource prioritization How to make sure your data arrives at the browse…
Package managers: resolve differences Lively panel discussion on package management
Oracle v. Google: What are the implications for FOSS?
Cypher enhancements for sharded and federated graph databases
Pocket infrastructures to bridge reproducible research, live coding, civic hacktivism and data femi…
Break your BSD kernel Fuzzing BSD kernel
Temporal Graph Analytics with GRADOOP
Podman - The Powerful Container Multi-Tool An use case driven hands-on to the container management …
Weblate! Localize your project the developer way: continously, flawlessly, community driven, and op…
Self-hosted server backups for the paranoid Using Borg, SSH, Python and FreeNAS to securely backup …
Pushing the limits of the Web with WebAssembly
Kapow! A Web Framework for the Shell
Will somebody *please* tell me what's going on? Managing change in Python projects
Arcade game port to ZX Spectrum A reverse engineering exercise
Preserve kubernetes state using heptio velero
Running a mainframe on your laptop (for fun and profit)
Welcome to the Legal & Policy Issues DevRoom
Closing FOSDEM 2020
The Ethics Behind Your IoT
Pocket Science Lab from Development to Production
Open CASCADE Technology - an introduction and overview
Akraino Edge KNI blueprint A Kubernetes Native Infrastructure approach to the Edge
Building Loosely-coupled RISC-V Accelerators Using Chisel/FIRRTL to build accelerator templates and…
DEBATE: Does FOSS need sustainability?
Improving protections against speculative execution side channel
TornadoVM: A Virtual Machine for Exploiting ​High-Performance Heterogeneous ​Execution of Java Prog…
Keep Calm and Use Nerves
Next, the programmable web browser How the architectural choices and the Lisp language make for an …
Discover Static Code Analysis in Python with Coala Framework
Improving BIND 9 Code Quality Why is concurrent programming so hard?
The hairy issue of e2e encryption in instant messaging
Skydive A real time network topology and protocols analyzer
Taming Metaspace: a look at the machinery, and a proposal for a better one
Back to the future Incremental backup in oVirt
The pool next to the ocean: How to bring OpenSource skills to more people InnerSource as a way to t…
Weblate: open-source continuous localization platform How to bring your project closer to its users…
Protecting plaintext secrets in configuration files
Correlation analysis in automated testing
Blender, Coming of Age 18 years of Blender open source projects
Empowering social scientists with web mining tools Why and how to enable researchers to perform com…
Shenandoah 2.0
Designing Hardware, Journey from Novice to Not Bad Reflections from the OpenElectronicsLab
Frictionless Data for Reproducible Research
Guix: Unifying provisioning, deployment, and package management in the age of containers
Alire: Ada Has a Package Manager
Transforming scattered analyses into a documented, reproducible and shareable workflow
Using biometric gadgets for express-tests in the UX/UI research
Writing Shared Memory Parallel Programs in Ada Multitasked Newton's Method for Power Series
Fast QUIC sockets for cloud networking Using vector packet processing for QUIC acceleration and off…
Spunky: a Genode Kernel in Ada/SPARK
Gunrock: High-Performance Graph Analytics for the GPU
Secure logging with syslog-ng Forward integrity and confidentiality of system logs
Gate project Portable execution state
A dozen more things you didn't know Nextcloud could do And a little of what you DID know
Gitflow Design A git workflow for design in open-source projects
Programming ROS2 Robots with RCLAda
Poio Predictive Text Grassroots Technology for Language Diversity
Lumen Elixir in the browser
DEBATE: The 4 Freedoms and OSD are outdated and no longer relevant in 2020
LibreOffice turns ten and what's next Lots to learn, and get excited about
Processes & Grains A Journey in Orleans
Welcome to the MySQL, MariaDB & Friends Devroom 2020 Community Welcome
OpenTelemetry: an XKCD 927 Success Story
ALTER TABLE improvements in MariaDB Server Optimized or instantaneous schema changes, including ADD…
How to create Javascript-powered Smartglasses (no soldering knowledge required)
Falco Internals 101 : Syscalls processing for security analysis What happens when you have: syscall…
Whats new in ProxySQL 2.0? Exploring the latest features in ProxySQL 2.0
Introducing AUTOREV An automatic reverse-engineering framework for firmware BLOBs
Generation gaps
LLVM meets Code Property Graphs
Free at Last! The Tale of Jakarta EE
Helpful NullPointerExceptions - The little thing that became a JEP
Farwest Demo A website/API for a document oriented database in 20 minutes
Debugging with LLVM A quick introduction to LLDB and LLVM sanitizers
Address Space Isolation in the Linux Kernel
The OpenJDK JVM : Securing a moving target or What could possibly go wrong?
Lexemes in Wikidata structured lexicographical data for everyone
Concept Programming, from ideas to code
Edge Clouds with OpenNebula
Reverse engineering a VIC-20 expansion cartridge
Hash Join in MySQL 8
MyRocks in the Wild Wild West!
Running full Linux systems in containers, at scale A look at LXD and its clustering capabilities
HTTP/3 for everyone The next generation HTTP is coming
Open lightning talks Showcase your open source project
Rewinding time with System Versioned Tables
Civil society needs Free Software hackers
SELinux fun with MySQL and friends
Fritzing - the past, the present and the future Restarting with 1100 technical issues, and a few le…
Extending sudo in Python Best of both worlds
Vita: high-speed traffic encryption on x86_64 with Snabb Coming to your cloud with XDP, AVF, and Ku…
Introduction to Reactive Programming with RxPY
FoxDot and the Summer of 2019
Introducing OpenTAP - Open Test Automation Project A developer-first extensible test and measuremen…
OpenPiton: An Open-Source Framework for EDA Tool Development
LibrePCB Status Update The progress of LibrePCB within the last two years
KDE Itinerary A privacy by design travel assistant
Designing functional objects with functional objects OpenSCAD: Past, present and/or future
OpenQA with the JDP data analyses framework Bug tag propagation on 2M+ test results using Julia
Do you really see what’s happening on your NFV infrastructure? (and what can you do about it?)
Designing and Producing Open Source Hardware with FOSS/OSHW tools We will show you how easy is now …
Fundamental Technologies We Need to Work on for Cloud-Native Networking
AXIOM - open source cinema camera Project Introduction and current state of development
Weave Net, an Open Source Container Network Five years with no central point of control
Using Advene to accompany research in AudioVisual Digital Humanities
extending catalog zones auto-maintain DNS servers
Indexing Encrypted Data Using Bloom Filters
Tracking local storage configuration on linux
Freedom and AI: Can Free Software include ethical AI systems? Exploring the intersection of Free so…
Tracking Performance of a Big Application from Dev to Ops
Container Live Migration
Running MySQL in Kubernetes in real life
Graffiti A historical, distributed graph engine
0 A.D.: Graphics Pipeline How open-source game graphics works
The journey of building OpenSpeedMonitor Learnings from unexpectedly finding ourselves developing a…
Gmsh
Weaviate OSS Smart Graph feature updates, demo and use cases
Lightweight virtualization in the Cloud and at the Edge hypervisors gone rogue
Java & Games A rivalrous case-study from porting Doom 3
State of djbdnscurve6 IPv6 LLU address support
Mixing kool-aids! Accelerate the internet with AF_XDP & DPDK
Raphtory: Streaming analysis of distributed temporal graphs
NeuroFedora: Enabling Free/Open Neuroscience
unwind(8) A privilege-separated, validating DNS recursive nameserver for every laptop
Shipping a performance API on Chromium Experiences from shipping the Element Timing API
Finite element modeling with the deal.II software library
The Neo4j Graph Algorithms Library: An Overview
Mandos Disk encryption without passwords
How Containers and Kubernetes re-defined the GNU/Linux Operating System A Greybeard's Worst Nightma…
ONLYOFFICE: How to securely collaborate on documents within content management applications
Nuspell: version 3 of the new spell checker FOSS spell checker implemented in C++17 with aid of Moz…
What's in my food ? Open Food Facts, the Wikipedia of Food Mixing mobile crowdsourcing, ai, opensou…
STS in Ceph Object Storage
SWIM - Protocol to Build a Cluster SWIM gossip protocol, its implementation, and improvements
Confronting Clang and Fedora
The history of error correction and detection and how it led to Ceph’s Erasure Coding Techniques
Hacking on GraalVM: A (very) Rough Guide
DNS Management in OpenStack What is the OpenStack DNS API?
The Hidden Early History of Unix The Forgotten history of early Unix
The Linux Kernel: We have to finish this thing one day ;) Solving big problems in small steps for m…
The Different Ways of Minimizing ANY
EActors: an actor-based programming framework for Intel SGX
DeskConnD: Secure, cross-platform IPC on the network Zeroconf + WAMP = Cross platform IPC
Over Twenty Years Of Automation
Regaining control of your smartphone with postmarketOS and Maemo Leste Status of Linux on the smart…
Rethinking kubernetes networking with SRv6 and Contiv-VPP
Python for Godot
Programmable Unified Memory Architecture (PUMA)
The unsupervised free CAT for low resource languages Building a pipeline for the communities
Hardware-Software Co-Design for Efficient Graph Application Computations on Emerging Architectures
WPE, The WebKit port for Embedded platforms
Wikibase Ecosystem taking Wikidata further
MySQL 8.0: Secure your MySQL Replication Deployment
Open-source design ecosystems around FreeCAD
ByteBuffers are dead, long live ByteBuffers!
Automating schema migration flow with GitHub Actions, skeema & gh-ost And end-to-end schema migrati…
Analyzing DPDK applications with eBPF Sharpening the toolset
Knocking down the barriers of ORDER BY LIMIT queries with MariaDB 10.5
DEBATE: Should licenses be designed to advance general social goals?
Metrics and models for Web performance evaluation or, How to measure SpeedIndex from raw encrypted …
Below Kubernetes: Demystifying container runtimes
Debugging and tracing a production RabbitMQ node
Project Loom: Advanced concurrency for fun and profit
Replacing iptables with eBPF in Kubernetes with Cilium
LibreOffice Theme Changer An Extension for Customize LibreOffice Appearance in Easy Way
Reducing OpenJDK Java Garbage Collection times with stack allocation
Hint, Hint, Font Loading Matters! Fonts are lovely but can slow down our loads. How can we make the…
Overview of encryption features
Fixing the Kubernetes clusterfuck Understanding security from the kernel up
Dial your Networking Code up to 11 Vectorizing your network app to break the performance barrier
Application Whitelisting in Linux Environment
Custom Crypto Policies by Examples Management of crypto algorithm restrictions
Protect your data objects, not your network connections Good news for a paradigm shift
JMC & JFR - 2020 Vision
Going Meta with Elixir's Macros Running at compile-time and compiling at runtime
Oreboot RISC-V Firmware in Rust
Using SELinux with container runtimes
The HammerBlade RISC-V Manycore A programmable, scalable RISC-V fabric
The Selfish Contributor Explained
Game development with OpenXR
Bringing Collabora Online to your web app Its easy to add rich document collaboration to your web a…
Ada-TOML: a TOML Parser for Ada
HashDNS and FQDNDHCP IPv6 DNS configuration made easy
Reloading Escoria Make point and click adventure games under Godot great again
Check Yourself Before You Wreck Yourself Auditing and Improving the Performance of Boomerang
ngspice open source circuit simulator dev update and electrothermal simulation
From 0 to Intranet in 20 minutes with XWiki
Leveraging Open Source Designs Creating a component search engine for reference designs used in pra…
Welcome to FOSDEM 2020
LibreHosters A federation of networks for cooperation and solidarity through distributed platforms.
Enough: How journalism can benefit from free software
Making your Python code write your Python code Discover Python's 'ast' module to see how you can an…
When open source meets quantum computing Opening keynote
The consequences of sync_binlog != 1
A new approach to container isolation with Nabla
Breaking Down Language Barriers Localizing for access, activism and preservation
Deep Dive: Kubernetes Metrics with Prometheus
Solid: taking back the Web through decentralization App development as we know it will radically ch…
Call C++ from Rust with the cpp crate Interoperate with C++ libraries, using Qt as an example
Introduction to reSIProcate A quickstart for C++ SIP application development
GraphHopper Routing Engine - New Features Overview of the latest features and development
A year of Container Kernel Work Past, Present, and Future of Container Kernel Features
Taming The Dinosaur: How Eclipse was Performance Tuned
Node.js feature-flipping through Git Git as a Continuous Manager
Evolution of file system and disk management in HelenOS
Stories from BIND9 refactoring Dealing with code that can drink legally
Open Source Geolocation The story and challenges ahead
D-Wave's Software Development Kit
Migrating from Adobe Connect - the Victory of FOSS Over Proprietary Software
OpenStreetMaps for emergency prep: The view from San Francisco Using OpenStreetMap and QGIS to buil…
The impact of Meltre and Specdown on microkernel systems (*) (*) Deliberate misspelling of Meltdown…
2019 - Fifty years of Unix and Linux advances
Embracing Language Servers for Blockchain Development
VoIP Troubleshooting and Monitoring with SIP3 Twenty Thousand MPS under the SIP: VoIP network troub…
Where is my error gone?
Rewriting Pointer Dereferences in bcc with Clang Syntactic sugar for BPF programs
Continuous Localization How we ship localized versions of Firefox, on Laptops and Android
GNU Mes Reduced Binary Seed bootstrap for GNU Guix
Microkernel lightning talks
Continuous Integration to compile and test Navit
Organisational Processes in Decentralized Software roundtable open to decentralized software develo…
Real-time container automation and scheduling Mgmt Config: Containers
Will you boot Haiku, on a non intel platform, no BIOS winter? Booting Haiku on non-x86, a never-end…
Creating a Computing Revolution: from Personal Computers to Personal Servers
Package software for any distribution with upt
Resurrecting Mozilla Themes for LibreOffice Trying to uncover, fix and improve a hidden gem in the …
An Introduction to Ada for Beginning and Experienced Programmers
TypeScript-It's time to migrate!
Blockchain: The Ethical Considerations
Extend Emacs in C or Other Languages
Testing your infrastructure and services with the help of OPNFV testperf team
Predicting areas for PR Comments based on Code Vectors & Mailing List Data
Testing Over 1000 gTLDs for EDNS0
Around the world with Postgres extensions
Revoking the 2010 DNSKEY Monitoring the events of 11th of January 2019
Hacking PostgreSQL
Lesson learned from Retro-uC and search for ideal HDL for open source silicon
Mattermost’s Approach to Layered Extensibility in Open Source
Latest evolution of Linux IO stack, explained for database people
Documenting Validator Requirements
ZFS Powered Magic Upgrades Using boot environments for atomic in-place upgrades
XDP (eXpress Data Path) as a building block for other FOSS projects
Time is Important - Developer Centric IoT Platforms
Make your own language with Racket A kickstart workshop for the creative minds
Introducing Kubeflow  (w. Special Guests Tensorflow and Apache Spark)
Challenges With Building End-to-End Encrypted Applications - Learnings From Etesync
Open source software security testing Crowd supported via bug bounty
A Guiler's Year of Racket
Component-based Design System and Development
PennyLane - Automatic differentiation and machine learning of quantum computations
The brief case for User-space Network Stacks (DPDK and friends) The case for DPDK, FD.io VPP, Snabb…
MySQL 8.0 Document Store: How to Mix NoSQL & SQL in MySQL 8.0 a database where developers and DBAs …
Roll your own compiler with LLVM Easy IR generation
What's new in PostgreSQL 11
Raspberry Pi history, tips and use case its history, how to use it and what is its good use case
The Yoast Design Meeting and how it started us on the path to open source design
Packaging for Mageia Linux with Docker containers
Breaking PostgreSQL at Scale
Why JSON when you can DSL? Your problematics deserve their own language
The future of Supervisor Binary Interface(SBI)
Clang plugins in LibreOffice - global analyses across a large codebase
CI/CD for embedded development with an ESP8266, Arduino-cli, Gitlab-ci, Raspberry Pi, and Kubernete…
Building production-grade networking software with FD.io CSIT Building fast and robust networking s…
Distributed Computing with Ada and CORBA using PolyORB
Securing Secure Boot on Xen
Mobile design with device-to-device networks Exploring the design space of novel technologies throu…
Dynamic answer generation with Lua An exploration of the LUA record from the upcoming PowerDNS rele…
A Deepdive into Tantivy
Making Sense of so many License Compliance Tools
Tools for Shrinking Your Containers
llvm.mix Multi-stage compiler-assisted specializer generator built on LLVM
Kubernetes Network Security Demystified
The real cost of not doing user research And how to get insight-based decisions on a budget
Extending Numba
Extending syslog-ng in Python Best of both worlds
How should lawyers behave? Legal "Ethics" and Free Software
Redfish: the new standard for a Software Defined Infrastructure
Spatial Reference Systems Transformations with Boost.Geometry
A follow-up on LTTng container awareness System level tracing in a containerized world
Rated Ranking Evaluator: an open-source approach for Search Quality Evaluation How to automate the …
Porting U-Boot to a Modular Device Booting Linux via U-Boot on a board which can be composed of sev…
VR Map: Putting OpenStreetMap Data Into a WebVR World Simple GeoData Visualization with A-Frame
Zink OpenGL on Vulkan
A microkernel written in Rust: Porting the UNIX-like Redox OS to Armv8 A case study of Rust as a la…
Set-versioned package dependencies addressing the problem of shared library updates
LLVM for the Apollo Guidance Computer
Tapping Into the Binary Log Change Stream
Pocket Science Lab - An Open Source Hardware for Electronics Teaching & Learning
How Kubernetes used gRPC to encrypt secrets with an external Key Management Service
Advocating For FOSS Inside Companies Redux
openEMS - An Introduction and Overview Using an EM field solver to design antennas and PCBs
Medical image reconstruction using the .NET Framework
Astor: An automated software repair framework
Making the next blockbuster game with FOSS tools Using Free Software tools to achieve high quality …
Organizer's Panel -- Now and Forever
Super-speedy scoring in Lucene 8
Bring JavaScript to the Internet of Things - From Embedded Device to Smart Gateway
Design Automation in Wonderland The EPFL Logic Synthesis Libraries
Securing the JVM, neither for fun nor for profit, but do you really have a choice?
Leveraging ceph-mgr modules for fun and profit
Coming: a Tool for Mining Change Pattern Instances from Git Commits
A low latency GPU engine based reset mechanism for a more robust UI experience
eBPF powered Distributed Kubernetes performance analysis
FST-01SZ (Flying Stone Tiny 01 revision ShenZhen) free hardware design for Gnuk Token
Open Source C#, .NET, and Blazor - everywhere PLUS WebAssembly
Reinventing MVC pattern for web programming with F#
The Software Developer’s Guide to Open Source Hardware
Onion adventures how to use onion services and the Tor network in your web endeavors
Open source virtual prototyping for faster hardware and software co-design Make your hardware / sof…
Love What You Do, Everyday!
Retroshare JSON API Making libRetroshare a generic service for decentralized and private communicat…
Nextcloud  decentralize the way we sync, share and collaborate
NFS-Ganesha Weather Report
The right to data portability (and why it's a very bad idea) How the RGPD leads to the DTP and why …
Exporting Ceph Object Storage data to the outside world RGW Sync Modules for fun & profit!
Hyperledger Fabric - Blockchain for the Enterprise
ossia ecosystem workshop Combining media of all kinds with libossia and ossia score
BinAST Let's make the javascript startup bottleneck a thing of the past!
Using Progressive Web Apps to control IoT Using a PWA app to control an IoT device using JS framewo…
Introducing the CERN Open Hardware Licence version 2 Covering some of the major changes in this new…
Fine-grained Distributed Application Monitoring Using LTTng
Designing Command-Line Tools People Love
JavaScript: If you love it, set it free
When and How to use CGo Or, Foreign Functions for Fun and Profit
Automating Client Library Generation How and Why
Introducing DBus-ASIO How and why we built a new D-Bus library from the ground up
Promotion of open source and role of standardization in Quantum Computing Open panel discussion
Profiling PHP applications
Who wants you to think nobody uses the AGPL and why
LibreOffice: the origins of a community fork
A year of LXD development Project update on what happened in LXC/LXD in 2018
TRex
Now what? Following through on your community guidelines
Good Will Snapping ~10 benefits of publishing your application in the Snap Store
Debian Java: Insights and challenges learn more about the daily work to package Java software for D…
LibreOffice Online - hosting your documents Keeping your documents close and yet collaborative
How Online Backup works in MyRocks and RocksDB
A small, FRP DSL for distributed systems Mgmt Config: The Language
Hands on debugging with Delve
Memex: Collaborative Web-Research & the next generation knowledge management tools.
MariaDB and MySQL — what statistics optimizer needs or when and how not to use indexes
Building a Hardware MIDI Player Exploration of Linux's System Interfaces
The surprising interaction of open source and patent exhaustion
Quo vadis, LibreOffice extensions?
New interoperability, i18n and LibreLogo improvements of LibreOffice for office suite migrations in…
Are we optimiert yet?
Redis Labs & the tragedy of the Commons Clause
Updates from the RISC-V TEE Group Working on a Trusted Execution Environment spec for RISC-V
Speed without Shenanigans How Rust and WebAssembly is changing the web as we know it
Making Open Source Hardware for Retrogaming on Raspberry Pi
TLS 1.3: what developers should know about the APIs
Make your code count: Quantum simulations and collaborative code development Introduction to QuTiP:…
Online - under the hood How to bring LibreOffice to your web app
Converse: Open, federated teamchat with XMPP
Hacking F# in JS ecosystem
The First Contact
MySQL Performance Schema in 20 Minutes
Next Generation Internet initiative - Year Zero Come work for the internet on privacy, trust, searc…
Computer Games with MicroPython Become a full-stack game developer.
Introduction to the BASIC Engine A low-cost single-board home computer programmable in BASIC that c…
Native GTK Dialogs current status and future work
Strawberry Fields - software for photonic quantum computing
Autonomous Train Control Systems: a First Approach
Using SAIL to generate GNU assembler/disassembler and simulator for RISC-V
Tuning a Runtime for Both Productivity and Performance
Metaprogramming with Nim
Never Functional Programming Language
Do you know "layers"?
Yet Moar CSS Features
Preventing OOXML interoperability problems in LibreOffice
FreeRTOS on RISC-V Running the FreeRTOS kernel in RISC-V emulators and RISC-V hardware
LLVM+Clang for RISC-V Past, present, and future
Pitch your project Designers meet projects. Projects meet designers.
Vereign toolbar in LibreOffice Online Technical aspects of integration of a 3rd party document sign…
Infrastructure as Typescript
Nuspell: the new spell checker FOSS spell checker implemented in C++14 with aid of Mozilla
0 A.D: Graphics Graphics problems and opportunities of open-source game
HDMI CEC: A Status Update
Designing for Activism An overview of the UX overhaul of OONI Probe
Luerl: Lua in Erlang Luerl introduction emphasizing its trade-off as scripting skin on top of the B…
Typescript =❯ IL =❯ Game Modding Supercharged
Toward exploring virtual disks using a file manager!
Kamailio VoIP development update
VkRunner: a Vulkan shader test tool A presentation of VkRunner which is a tool to help test the com…
.NET Core 2.1 in Production How Namely develops .NET Core services
What is Safety-Critical Software, and How Can Ada and SPARK Help?
Intel® Hardware Intrinsics in .NET Core
.NET and TypeScript Lightning Talks
Advanced TypeScript tooling at scale
YunoHost An essential building block for the decentralized Internet
Environment Modules Provides dynamic modification of a user's environment
Valkyrja and the tale of eating servers using C# Valkyrja project - why .NET Core, C# & Fedora Linu…
Open Source Hardware for Smart City OSHW LoRaWAN implementation for Parking, Air quality, City ligh…
Alternative languages for safe and secure RISC-V programming
How to build an automatic refactoring and migration toolkit
Rumble in the Java Jungle
Fedora on RISC-V 64-bit Introduction, Brief Overview and Latest Developments
Buildroot for RISC-V Using Buildroot to create embedded Linux systems for 64-bit RISC-V
KernelCI: a new dawn How the KernelCI project is getting a second breath
Retro.NET - .NET for building Console Applications
Making furniture with Javascript An open-source community run platform for designers to experiment …
Do you think is easy to create a console app?
Shrink your Data to (almost) Nothing with Trained Compression
DNSSEC security without maintenance ... with the right software and registry
GRUB upstream and distros cooperation
Squeezing Water from Stone - KornShell in 2019
Build your own GC with OpenJDK in 20 minutes
Informal Discussions & Closing
Northbound Connections of VPP for NFV in Containers and Kubernetes
Is a single DNS vendor enough? Discussion about complexities of multi-vendor deployment, and why yo…
What is Rust doing behind the curtains? Exploring syntactic sugar with cargo-inspect
Parallel programming in Go for performance with the Pargo library
Digital Predistortion Implementation and Use
Latest developments in Boost Geometry
Writing a CNI - as easy as pie Write you own CNI (Container Network Interface)
Dark Peak Data Co-op Sheffield Geeks Freeing Their Data
Beyond the 10%: analysis of the gender-diversity gap
Open Educational Resources on Digital Accessibility for Building Your Own Courses
How libre can you go? Reaching as many viewers as possible using only libre video technologies.
Writing X11/Wayland agnostic GL applications with Waffle
Making furniture with Javascript An open-source community run platform for designers to experiment …
State of OpenJDK
Cilium - overview and recent updates
VPP & Ligato use cases: Contiv/VPP CNI plugin for Kubernetes & IPSEC VPN gateway Development of clo…
How compact is compiled RISC-V code?
OpenTrailView 360 FOSS StreetView for hikers
XMPP Beyond Instant Messaging How we use XMPP to do many neat features
Ceph wire protocol revisited - Messenger V2
A Scalable Approach to Virtual Switching
From the idea to the prototype using FLOSS
Java Language Futures
From closed to Open Source switch ASICs The transition in the world of switching asics
From table to index (and back) with Hibernate Search 6 Leveraging Elasticsearch's power with a rela…
It was working yesterday! Investigating regressions with llvmlab bisect A hands-on introduction to …
Fraud mitigation using traffic pattern monitoring with CGRateS
Perl 11 The Future of Saint Larry's Language
Mgmt Config: A tale of three graphs Real-time, autonomous, automation with graphs (mostly DAG's)
ONOS Introduction Overview of ONOS, Open Network Operating System from ONF, the Open Networking Fou…
Are you insured against your noisy neighbor?
Emitter: Scalable, fast and secure pub/sub in Go
Building a whole distro on top of a minimalistic language The story of GNU Guix
Automation networking engine for enterprise SDN Ansible Networking and OpenDaylight integration
Deploying PostgreSQL on Kubernetes
Real-time virtualization automation Mgmt Config: Virtualization
Clustered Samba: Witness Protection Programming
Java 4..12, Kotlin, Code Coverage and their best friend — bytecode: scandals, intrigues, investigat…
FOSS Governance: The good, the bad and the ugly
Open source in the quest for GDPR compliance
Distribution build / delivery styles, one style to rule them all ? Is rolling release the answer fo…
Bare Metal In The Cloud: Isn’t it Ironic? Explaining OpenStack bare metal provisioning service
Improve OSM data quality with DeepLearning
XCP-ng: building an Open Source and turnkey virtualization platform From Kickstarter to the datacen…
RIST - an evolutionary video transport protocol
U-Boot from Scratch v2019.01 edition
Differentiated access control to graph data Applied to TinkerPop-compatible graph databases
Rootless Kubernetes Running Kubernetes and CRI/OCI Runtimes as an unprivileged user
Eventyay! An event system for community organizers
DNS as code with octodns Versioning and keep track of your dns records changes and automatize all t…
Using getdns for local DNSSEC validation
Leveraging real-time streaming with Neo4j-Streams
How to write a reverse-proxy with Go in 25 minutes
Suggesting Fixes during Code Review with ML
Hands-on composition of basic L4Re components
Approaching Light Speed - News from the Eclipse Platform Project
HOMER RTC Stats Timeseries for Fun and Profit
Introduction of OSS Weaviate, the Decentralised Knowledge Graph What is a decentralised knowledge g…
How to create a useful MySQL bug report ...and make sure it's properly processed
Replicated SDS with DRBD & LINSTOR An Open Source SDS for the automated management of storage clust…
Lessons learned from porting HelenOS to RISC-V Pros and cons of RISC-V from a microkernel OS point …
A walkthrough guide to implementing a compiler intrinsic
EBUs - Live IP Software Toolkit Open Source Software in professional media
Welcome to FOSDEM 2019
High performance virtual machines in oVirt Explain oVirt solution for easy creation of virtual mach…
Mysql connector and other databases in LibreOffice Changes around database drivers in LibreOffice
Apply complex network configuration to your Kubernetes cluster hosts by declaring it
It's Time for the Populator Declarative initialization of kubernetes persistent storage
Deep Learning on Massively Parallel Processing Databases
Getting To Blinky: Virt Edition Making device pass-through work on embedded ARM
Java with Docker: How to Make it Work
Video Analysis using CUDA and OpenCV Detecting scene changes in videos using CUDA and OpenCV
Hardware/Software Co-Design for Efficient Microkernel Execution
An introduction to Middleware Application Monitoring with Java Mission Control and Flight Recorder
Going mobile with React Native and WebRTC How Jitsi Meet went from web to mobile, while sharing mos…
Russian crypto algorithms in the OpenSource world GOST crypto demystified
Solving Polynomial Systems in Python phcpy: a scripting interface for PHCpack
Graph usage in EFL using graphs to navigate a UI
Java Checkpoint/Restore
Scale Your Auditing Events
The Missing Benchmark Metric: Memory Consumption
Making the JIT part of the cloud
TiDB: Distributed, horizontally scalable, MySQL compatible
OpenJDK Governing Board Q&A
The final release of Kodi v18 A two year development story
Debug info in optimized code - how far can we go? Improving LLVM debug info with function entry val…
What are your users kubectl-ing into your Kubernetes cluster?
Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning
the current and future state of Ethereum  layer 1 scaling, layer 2 scaling, proof of stake and Sere…
On Observability Observability 101
Reducing Memory Usage of Mesa's Shader Compiler (Again) Why does this shader need 80GiB to compile?
Hugepages and databases working with abundant memory in modern servers
Fractalide and Cantor A Racket application built with Flow-Based Programming
Challenges in Monitoring Distributed Storage Environment and how Tendrl addresses them
V4L2: A Status Update
Secure Web Applications with AWA
GNU Radio in 2019: Facts and Plans An overview of where GNU Radio is going this fine year
Improve your SQL Common Table Expressions (CTE) and Window Functions
Fearless Multimedia Programming using GStreamer & Rust
Monitoring Kubernetes and Virtualization
Panel: Difficulties in having more designers participate in Open Source
Go containers? Go serverless? A cloud native journey
Crostini: A Linux Desktop on ChromeOS
The Container Storage Interface, Explained
Tested for Business: An Open and Transparent Quality Kit
High end augmented reality using Javascript Using markers with a webcam is cool but what about a Ho…
Porting Debian to the RISC-V architecture Tales from a long quest
Storing "Lots Of Small Files" in a Swift cluster
MySQL Replication - Advanced Features
Patterns and anti-patterns in OSS participation Lessons from MySQL AB, the MariaDB Foundation, and …
Improving LibreOffice quality together A summary of what happened in 2018
Test complex database systems in a laptop with dbdeployer The friendly tool that makes DBA and deve…
Project Things A secure gateway to connect your things to Internet
What makes LLD so fast?
Do Linux Distributions Still Matter With Containers? Yes, because stopped statically compiling thin…
The art of multiplexing MySQL connections with ProxySQL
LATERAL derived table in MySQL
Pocket Science Lab Developing FOSS Hardware and Scaling up to Large Scale Production
How we use Gluster offering Gluster-as-a-service
Unikraft: Unikernels Made Easy
D-Wave Hybrid Framework
Lightning Talks
Portable Services are Ready to Use Portable Services bring some container features to classic servi…
Enrich your NIC's capabilities with DPDK SoftNIC
GStreamer 1.16 and beyond
How to build a FreeBSD CI/CD environment based on pot container
gRPC, Protobufs and Go... OH MY! An introduction to building client/server systems with gRPC
PWA caching strategies How to obtain maximum performance from your Progressive web app
A brief story about friendship What we learned from cross-community collaboration
Linux and USB Audio Class 3
HTTP/3 HTTP over QUIC is the next generation
The New Internet let's talk about IPFS
Structured Concurrency Finding our way out of callback hell
Cogito Privacy starts with Identity
Maemo Leste A Debian/Devuan based mobile hacker OS
Multiplex graph analysis with GraphBLAS
Protect your bits: Introduction to gr-fec A look into the error-correction capabilities of GNU Radio
Consistent PKCS#11 in Operating Systems improving user experience and security in RHEL and Fedora
The Dwingeloo radio telescope goes SDR
UEFI Boot for Mere Mortals
MySQL 8.0 Component Infrastructure Why, what's there, what's next and how to use it
The Skulls project - coreboot your Laptop The easy way
Linux distributions, lifecycles, and containers
An End-to-End LTE Testbed in Three Clicks
Rspamd integration into FreeBSD.org mail infrastructure
GNU Radio meets Scapy
What's new in DeepSea An overview of new features
Autocrypt - Automating E-Mail Encryption What E-Mail can learn from the success of end-to-end encry…
Go Lightning Talks Come speak!
Experience with wisp 5 years with fewer parens
Asterisk 16: What's new in the world of Asterisk
Solo5: A sandboxed, re-targetable execution environment for unikernels A {unikernel,kernel} is just…
Sans IO: safe and testable network protocols Building safe, deterministic and testable network prot…
Data Modeling, Normalization and Denormalization
Neural commit message suggester Proposing git commit messages with neural networks
SDR Makerspace sdrmaker.space
Introducing rust-prometheus How Rust makes metrics safe and fast
Unifying network filtering rules for the Linux kernel with eBPF
The State of Go What's new since Go 1.10
What is IBMQ
My 10 year journey with FOSSASIA: A woman's pathway to open source
Write Drunk - Test Automated Different aspects of Continuous Integration Testing for documentation …
Hikar - Augmented reality for hikers Developing an app and framework for outdoor AR
Who needs pandoc when you have Sphinx? An exploration of the parsers and builders of the Sphinx doc…
Building a Multi-Node SIP Platform Using OpenSIPS Cluster multiple OpenSIPS nodes to create a highl…
Decentralizing the Web Despite Itself
OpenEBS asymmetric block layer in user-space breaking the million IOPS barrier
VR Map: WebXR with Real-World OSM Data Simple GeoData Visualization with A-Frame
Profiling Low-End Platforms using HawkTracer Profiler
Flickerfree boot Seamless boot for UEFI systems
Tracking users with core Internet protocols Enhancing privacy and performance the Internet
Developing data structures for JavaScript Why and how to implement efficient data structures to use…
Performing Low-cost Electromagnetic Side-channel Attacks using RTL-SDR and Neural Networks
SMB2 POSIX Extensions Where we are, what remains to be done.
To the future with Grav CMS How we migrated from a Wiki to the open-source Grav CMS
10 years of open source test case management with Kiwi TCMS
Global Consent Manager Improving User Privacy and the Consent Experience for Trusted Websites
Merging System and Network Monitoring with BPF Merging packets with system events using eBPF
Why, and How, we compiled Xaml into IL
Getting to Closer to a Software Help Language Untangling complexities of the LibreOffice Help
Countless, Beautiful Contributions
Code anomalies in Kotlin programs Automatic detection of anomalous code fragments written in Kotlin
GBForth: Using Forth to understand the Game Boy
ActivityPub panel
Validating Big Data Jobs An exploration with Spark & Airflow (+ friends)
Building Pantheon documentation Feedback about on our documentation team experience
Building modern desktop apps in Go
Flamethrower A flexible tool for DNS load and functional testing
The Current and Future Tor Project Updates from the Tor Project
Inclusion Includes You Let's talk about how inclusion benefits all of us
How XR goes beyond demos and games Is XR just a trend? Or is there more to it?
Managing and Monitoring Ceph with the Ceph Manager Dashboard Introduction / Overview and Demo
Open Source Firmware at Facebook "If you don't own your firmware, your firmware owns you"
VBoard, making web dashboards in 3D and VR
How and why (not) to use the 127.0.0.53 nameserver, systemd-resolved and resolvctl Or what is syste…
How to write pylint plugins
GObject subclassing in Rust for extending GTK+ & GStreamer Or: How to safely implement subclassing …
The State of Webassembly in 2019 DevTools, support and specifications ready and in progress in 2019
Firecracker, should it work only with a single runtime?
Linking OpenStreetMap and Wikidata A semi-automated, user-assisted editing tool
GNU Radio with a Rusty FPGA Experiment building  FPGA accelerated blocks with Rust bindings
Building an LLVM-based tool Lessons Learned
Minimalism matters
Inject the Web into your GStreamer pipeline with WPE using a GStreamer/WebKit source element
CK: an open-source framework to automate, reproduce, crowdsource and reuse experiments at HPC confe…
Couple scientific simulation codes with preCICE A journey towards sustainable research software
Asterisk WebRTC frontier: make client SIP Phone with sipML5 and Janus Gateway Analyzing a real proj…
A roadmap for the Hurd?
Microkernel virtualization under one roof Dare the impossible
Beyond the webrtc.org monoculture Alternative WebRTC implementations in C and Python
An overview of Tezos focusing on On-Chain Governance A new develoment paradigm for the blockchain
Building Immersive Experiences with the Web The power of the Web with WebXR
Who needs to know? Private-by-design collaboration
Nakadi: Streaming Events for 100s of Teams Serving all sorts of users and use cases, the sane way
Tuning Go GC Parameters
Embedded with Go: from an AWK prototype to a gokrazy appliance How to build a self-contained toy fo…
Hey, A Blockchain-Based Social Network Leveraging Ethereum Sidechains Towards Scalability
Async PHP Requests & Reactive Responses with PHP-FPM
Introduction to OpenAPI Specification
CubicWeb Linked Data Browser Extension
Collabora Office on iOS
Tiki: Easy setup of wiki-based knowledge management system This talk demonstrates how to build up a…
A private cloud for everyone Why and how Nextcloud builds a private cloud software
Greenfield: An in-browser Wayland compositor Running a Wayland compositor entirely in your browser
Document Redaction with LibreOffice Preventing Leakage of Sensitive Information by Redaction in Col…
Working with Webhooks
Migrating a Big Data Cluster from Linux to FreeBSD Slowly, but steadily
Automated firewall testing
XR The present, the future and how to get there.
Intel GFX CI: Validation done the Linux way
Complex cameras are (were?) complex How to make complex cameras easier: an update from the Libcamer…
Welcome to the Legal and Policy Issues devroom
Guile 3: Faster programs via just-in-time compilation
Templating Languages for Interactive Fiction
An Update on NetBSD and pkgsrc
Walking through walls PostgreSQL ♥ FreeBSD
FreeBSD Graphics
Panel: Open Source .NET
.NET on the Web with Mono WebAssembly
Matrix in the French State What happens when a government adopts open source & open standards for a…
Open Source Design in the trenches: a case study How we redesigned the FOSDEM video review interface
Using networks to study 18th century French trade
Dotting the ethics i and crossing the t Solid ethics for FOSS user research
UX at Tor an Open Approach
Make Room! Make Room! Space saving techniques in oVirt
How a Connect-X device driver works How we wrote a Connect-X 4/5 10G-100G driver for Snabb
Managing VMs and Containers in a Deeply Integrated UI
Square Kilometre Array and its Software Defined Supercomputer ... and a very fast parallel file sys…
An update on Virtio What happened recently and what's coming soon?
Welcome to the Ada DevRoom
Gephi JS: Exploring the dystopian future of a Javascript Gephi
Preserving numerical algorithms
VLC 4.0 4.0++
What did I just agree to?  A quick trip through the un-"popular" open source licenses
IMAP, JMAP and the future of open email standards a look at what's new in the IMAP world and the up…
bmclib: A Baseboard Management Controller library One library to rule them all?
Controlling the Execution of Parallel Algorithms in Ada
The SReview review system
Open Software deserves Open Hardware How Europe is taking the lead in Open Hardware
Persistence with Ada Database Objects
Tree matchings with Behavior Trees How to recognize a complex subtree in a big tree
Un-split brain (aka Move Back in Time) MySQL
GStreamer embedded state of the union 2019
Compiling the Linux kernel with LLVM tools
Monica, a personal CRM Remember everything about your friends and family
KiCad Project Status Everything you wanted to know about the state of the KiCad project.
The convergence of HPC and BigData What does it mean for HPC sysadmins?
A quick update on singularity 3.0 singularity 3.0
ElasticSearch Correctness and perfOrmance Validator Formally measuring the cost of a query before h…
LAVA federated testing Testing with and by the community
Upcoming Kubernetes Storage features transfers, clones and populators
Towards a sustainable solution to open source sustainability
One image to rule them all Single boot image for SBCs
Salut à Toi: A Python Based Social Network And More A multi-platforms communication ecosystem based…
Memory Management in Python A Short Overview of CPythons Memory Management
Fritzing - the past, the present and the future Paving the way for Fritzing's development
Drawing PCBs with Inkscape Creating printed circuit board designs using Inkscape, SVG2Shenzhen and …
Connecting .NET Core to D-Bus
Setting up an HPC lab from scratch with Mr-Provisioner, Jenkins and Ansible
The state of machine learning operations in 2019: reproducibility, explainability, bias evaluation …
Better loop mounts with NBD Take your loop mounts to the next level with nbdkit
How We Modified an Agent-based Automation System to Become an Agentless One Lessons and Architecture
MySQL and the CAP theorem: relevance & misconceptions Dissecting, affirming and refuting CAP assump…
SMT-Based Refutation of Spurious Bug Reports in the Clang Static Analyzer
Introducing kubectl-trace bpftrace meets Kubernetes with kubectl-trace
Forest: An Open Source Quantum Software Development Kit
Minimalism versus Types An experience report on the development of Titan, a statically-typed Lua-li…
FreeIPA and cross-distribution packaging experience
Voice Controlled Radio Enabling broadcast reception for Smart Speakers
RAPIDS  Data Science on GPUs
Git database with bitmap index
Tcl - An Embeddable Long-lever with a Comfortable Grip, that fits in your Pocket.
The Kitspace BOM Builder Create bills of materials and buy parts with the information you need at y…
Distributed ledgers finally brought me a usable digital identity!
Use kcli with all your virtualization solutions!
libsigmf: Human Tools for Extra-Terrestrial and AI Radios
FreeBSD in Audio Studio FreeBSD is usually not the first choice for music art, but it has quite a l…
Rust and GNOME Adoption and impact of Rust through out GNOME
Server side solution for generating ODF reports An important step to adopt ODF in Taiwan
Running Android on the Raspberry Pi Android Pie meets Raspberry Pi
Ten years of Puppet installations: what now? Lessons learned, sane suggestions, outlook for the fut…
Displaying other Application data into a Wiki … and other integrations
Understanding Source Code with Deep Learning
An operator centric way to update application containers with AtomFS
Fighting spam for fun and profit the long road to SpamAssassin 4.0
Mastering Application/Service Configuration How to cover your configuration needs with oslo.config
Embedded FreeBSD on a five-core RISC-V processor using LLVM How hard can it be?
Loom: Weaving executions
Add enterprise 2FA to your ownCloud in 15 minutes
GWL: GNU Workflow Language
Keeping Track of Stateful Infrastructure An overview over InnoGames infrastructure and the tools we…
IGT GPU Tools - the past, the present, the future
Streaming Pipelines for Neural Machine Translation
Speeding up Programs with OpenACC in GCC ... using the compute power of GPUs and other accelerators
Analysis of the behavior of mobile applications and its consequences for our privacy Presentation a…
Multilingual Kubernetes The kubernetes.io stack, how we got there, and what it took to get there
Etherlime: open source blockchain development tool An open source tool for Ethereum developers
OpenHPC Update
Make XMPP Sprint Again
AI image search with Go & Tensorflow Integrate the advances of AI in your Go apps
KLEAK Practical Kernel Memory Disclosure Detection
Open Source at DuckDuckGo Raising the Standard of Trust Online
Quantum Computing at Google and in the Cloud An update on Google's quantum computing program and it…
Augmented Network Visibility with High-Resolution Metrics
"Collaboration in Open Source Is the Better Way"
Project Trellis and nextpnr FOSS FPGA flow for the Lattice ECP5
GraalVM: Polyglot Development Platform with Great Toolability
Codifying infrastructure with Terraform for the future
Writing Network Drivers in High-Level Languages How to write drivers in Rust, go, C#, Swift, Haskel…
Community Data is Not Community Metrics One Team's Journey Down the Wrong Path
Mender - an open source OTA software update manager for IoT
Console oriented services: wttr.in, cheat.sh, rate.sx
Smelling Source Code Using Deep Learning
Multicloud CI/CD with OpenStack and Kubernetes
DNS and the Internet's architecture: the DoH dilemma Impacts of DNS-over-HTTPS on how the Internet …
Pulp 3: Ready for a Test Drive
Mgmt Config: The Road to 0.1 Real-time, autonomous, automation
Automate Kubernetes Workloads with Ansible Easy deployment, self-service provisioning, and day-2 ma…
Uyuni: A world-class open source frontend solution for managing your software-defined infrastructur…
Latency SLOs done right
A containerd project update 20 minute project update for 2019 FOSDEM containers devroom
VNF development made easy with netmap A flexible framework for high performance packet processing w…
rust-vmm shared virtualization crates
The DAO of Bisq
Web Components are the future. And the future is now!
Deduplication on large amounts of code Fuzzy deduplication of PGA using source{d} stack
Loki - Prometheus for logs
MALT, A Malloc Tracker
Demystifying Coroutines and Asynchronous Programming in Python
Feature store: A Data Management Layer for Machine Learning Data Management for ML
Configurations: Do you prove yours ?
Neuropil - Secure Interaction for Things Elevating Security for IoT with the First Decentralized Op…
Using eBPF for Linux Performance Analyses
Gluster Container Storage Storage for containers, in containers
ID4me: using the DNS as a directory for identities Who needs a blockchain when you have the DNS?
Designing for Security
Privacy-preserving monitoring of an anonymity network Data Collection, Analysis, and Visualisation …
Declare your Linux Network state!
Use configmanagement for your ... configmanagement.
Companies and Communities Why Can't We All Just Get Along?
Ceph storage with Rook Running Ceph on Kubernetes
Containing the RDMA plasma An experience report on wrapping a wildly unsafe library
Microcontroller Firmware from Scratch
Critical Path Analysis
What's new in the world of seL4
Futatabi: Multi-camera instant replay with slow motion
XWiki: a collaborative apps development platform Build applications incrementally on top of XWiki r…
Text Markup to PDF with Python
Wayland in IVI systems In-Vehicle-Infotainment systems and their graphics sub-system
Compute the QOS of your infrastructure with DEPC
RecordFlux: Facilitating the Verification of Communication Protocols
The Open Source Community: its past and future What I learned about the Open Source Community while…
Open Food Network open source for worldwide food systems
Sysadmins, too, deserve interface stability Designing a stable interface to abstract OS configurati…
OpenScore Open-sourcing sheet music
Back From the Dead Resurrecting a national FOSS organization
Introduction to dpdk-burst-replay A tiny tool for easily inject pcap files on DPDK NICs
horizon EDA - what's new
Unified Communications with Pàdé  Making the X in XMPP work with software
Theo: The Authorized Keys Manager How to manage easily and securely ssh accesses to your servers
DNS Privacy panel A discussion about all aspects of DNS Privacy
Virtual IOMMU Implementation using HW Nested Paging
Consorting with Industry Sustainability, FLOSS and building a local small business consortium
Substrate An Open-Source Framework for Building Blockchains
ELI5: ZFS Caching Explain Like I'm 5: How the ZFS Adaptive Replacement Cache works
Learning to Rank  Explained for Dinosaurs
Netflix and FreeBSD Using Open Source to Deliver Streaming Video
Mining Source Code^3 Mining Idioms, Usages and Edits
Data services in a hybrid cloud world with Ceph Making data as portable as your stateless microserv…
Hackers gotta eat Building a Company Around an Open Source Project
Supporting FOSS Community Members with Impostor Syndrome Mentoring and supporting peers with impost…
M3 and a new age of metrics and monitoring in an increasingly complex world
Beyond The First Steps Key ideas and advices to improve your development posture
Sustaining FOSS Projects By Democratizing The Sponsorship Process How we run and manage our FOSS Su…
Cloud Native Security 101
Condition Monitoring & Transfer Learning Good predictions in situations with (initially) almost no …
Handling Security Flaws in an Open Source Project - Jeremy Allison
Cross browser extensions
PostgreSQL Goes to 11!
Cappulada: Smooth Ada Bindings for C++
Improving SmartArt import in LibreOffice Impress
Building open source scientific equipment How researchers are owning their own instruments
Tesla Hacking to FreedomEV! Bringing Freedom to electric vehicle software
The Cloud is Just Another Sun
Interactive Computing with F# Jupyter
openSUSE Kubic for Container People Exploring the Containerised Frontiers
No evidence of communication and implementing a protocol: Off-the-Record protocol version 4 Version…
Lucene Upgrade in Jira 8.0 How we fought and killed the code debt beast
PostgreSQL vs. fsync How is it possible that PostgreSQL used fsync incorrectly for 20 years, and wh…
Break the Messaging Silos with COI Get to know the Chat Over IMAP initiative
Let's use centralized log collection to make incident response teams happy
Firefox is your Marionette Get fun using the unit test system to control Firefox
Breaking the 100 bits per second barrier with Matrix An entirely new transport for Matrix for reall…
Perl 6 as a new tool for language compilers Using Perl 6 grammars to design and implement a program…
Can Anyone Live in Full Software Freedom Today? Confessions of Activists Who Try But Fail to Avoid …
Learning about Deep Learning: Applications for OpenJDK/Java Verification
RustPython: a Python implementation in Rust Building a Python 3 interpreter in Rust
Automated Analysis of TLS 1.3
The TPM2 software community Getting started as a user, becoming a contributor
Raft in Scylla Consensus in an eventually consistent database
Proof of Pointer Programs with Ownership in SPARK
Hacking NodeJS applications for fun and profit Testing NodeJS Security
Homebrew 2.0
Discover GraphQL with Python, Graphene and Odoo
When perf-html Met A11y
gr-soapy: A handy SDR hardware interface module for GNU Radio
Sustain in Open Source with Gitcoin Gitcoin is a decentralized application where you can use variou…
Operating System hardening : Dealing with external interrupts
JavaScript for open computing education
P4: Private Periodic Payments Protocol
Speeding up the Booting Time of a Toro Appliance
Apache Lucene and Apache Solr 8 What’s coming next?
LemonLDAP::NG 2.0
FOSDEM infrastructure review
MicroPython – Python for Microcontrollers How high-level scripting languages make your hardware pro…
Leela Chess Zero Learning chess from scratch
What's new in Ceph Nautilus project status update and preview of the coming release
FLOSS, the Internet and the Future
Reproducible science with containers on HPC through Singularity Singularity containers
SUSI.AI: An Open Source Platform for Conversational Web
Exponential speedup in progress Closing remarks
Less painful E2E tests with Cypress.io
Testing GraphQL in your JavaScript application
USB borne attacks and usable defense mechanisms Hardening built into the operating system without c…
gtk-rs: newest and future developments Progress report on GTK+ Rust bindings
Base64 is not encryption A better story for Kubernetes Secrets
0 A.D., a libre real-time strategy game "History is yours for the taking!"
Building a Community Metrics Strategy
MALT & NUMAPROF, Memory Profiling for HPC Applications
Watching Them Watching Us WebExtensions Exposing Privacy Leaks
openSUSE Kubic for Distro People exploring the containerised frontiers
Decoding Meteor-M2: QPSK, Viterbi, Reed Solomon and JPEG from IQ coefficients to images, analysis o…
The new EU CyberSecurity Act  Or how to prevent the EU from becoming the worlds largest botnet hone…
ReFrame: A Regression Testing and Continuous Integration Framework for HPC systems
Real-time merging of config management and monitoring Mgmt Config: Monitoring
PipeWire PipeWire wants to take over your multimedia
From jQuery to React Gradual migration with hybrid approach
Hundred thousand rides a day How can a massive amount of GPX traces help us improve OpenStreetMap
How to build your own Ethereum client The development story of Nimbus
HWallet: The simplest Bitcoin hardware wallet
Protecting Secrets with Hardware Secure elements, hardware wallets, and device support for cryptocu…
From Oracle to Apache - News from Apache NetBeans
SAYMON - object-oriented monitoring and management for both ICT&IoT  object hierarchies and time-se…
Spoofing GPS is it really the time we think it is, and are we really where we think we are ?
Lessons in TableGen
From Zero to Portability Apache Beam's Journey to Cross-Language Data Processing
Writing Asynchronous SNMP Agents From a MIB file to a fully-fledged Python application
slapdcheck Monitoring OpenLDAP with Python
RustPräzi: a tool to build an entire call graph of crates.io From package-based to precise call-bas…
3Geonames.org An open source Geocoding system for the simple communication of locations with a reso…
Coaching for Open Source Communities 2.0
Improve your project’s on-ramps for new participants
"Enlightening" KVM Hyper-V emulation
25 Years of FreeBSD
Tooling for IntelliJ Platform Plugins
OpenGreffe Decentralised company register for decentralised companies
Devroom intro
Closing FOSDEM 2019
Test your code in Python
Change your perception about complex developments
Optimizing Python code
Ethics in the workplace
What is FOSS and why is it important?
Introduction to web development in C++ with Wt 4 A server-side web framework written in C++
Beyond WHERE and GROUP BY
How to run a stable benchmark
AGL as a generic secured industrial embedded Linux Factory production line controllers  requirement…
Optimization with PuLP
Asynchronous programming with Coroutines in Python A gentle introduction
Analyzing the Software Development Life-Cycle using Data-Mining Techniques
Python Data Structures implementation list, dict: how does CPython actually implement them?
Introduction to Pandas Introduction to the open source data analysis and manipulation library
(Ab)using Google's Chromium-EC firmware for your own designs Building Franken-Chromebook-devices
Python and Raspberry Pi Physical computing, GPIO, HATs and IoT with Python
Cloud Native Python The road to being a first-class Kubernetes application
Hacking midi devices with StepPy a step sequencer in Python
Python and "the SOLID principles"
How to fix Usually Slightly Broken (USB) devices and drivers? Sniffing traffic on your USB bus
Groking the Linux SPI Subsystem
Storing metrics at scale with Gnocchi The Python based time series database
Debugging Hung Python Processes with GDB
asynctest easier testing of asyncio code
Selinon Distributed dynamic task flow management with Python
Script the Web with Weboob Yes we can use the Web outside of Browsers
prompt_toolkit two years later
Software updates with OSTree Why and how
Making Your Own Open Source Raspberry Pi HAT A Story About Open Source Harware  and Open Source Sof…
Secure and Safe Updates for Your Embedded Device
Isar Build Debian-Based Products with BitBake
Creating the open connected car with GENIVI
GrimoireLab a Python toolset for software development analytics
How to Build an Open Source Embedded Video Player
OpenDaylight as a Platform for Network Programmability
Sharing power in our communities Designing and implementing better spaces for everyone
Visualize Your Code Repos and More with Gource
Data Science for Community management
Open source is just about the source, isn't it?
Mentoring 101 How to be a great community mentor
A dozen years of Memcheck Looking backwards and looking forwards
Building an Accessible Community
Successful and not (yet?) successful optimisations in Valgrind
Binary analysis with angr Using VEX for static analysis
Valgrind BoF and Hackaton Open discussion of ideas for Valgrind - and then we hack!
Overcoming Culture Clash
Like the ants turn individuals into large contributing community
VEX Where next for Valgrind's dynamic instrumentation infrastructure?
fortification vs memcheck Making gcc/glibc fortification and valgrind memcheck work better together
Valgrind, the anti-Alzheimer pill for your memory problems
sparcv9 New architecture to be supported by Valgrind
Closing loops Concluding discussions in non-face-to-face communities
I contributed ! But what now ? This talk will be about methods to improve contributor retention rat…
Trace Everything When APM meets SysAdmins
cgroupv2: Linux's new unified control group hierarchy
Puppet Catalog Diffs in TheForeman Using octocatalog-diff to view catalog changes in the Foreman UI
Replacing Dockerfiles with Ansible-container
Graphite@Scale or How to store millions metrics per second
Grafana - Past, present and future
Alerting with Time Series
Social aspects of change
What does "Monitoring" mean?
Monitoring Kubernetes with OMD Labs Edition and Prometheus
Deploying Prometheus at Wikimedia Foundation
modular VDEplug: switchless switching networks (and libslirp) VDEplug now supports plugins... inclu…
20 years of Linux Virtual Memory From simple server workloads to cloud virtualization
Adventures in Building Unikernel Clouds or a Crash Course in Building L2-L7 from Scratch
VM: Hey VM, can I share a host with you? Affinity rules in a virtual cluster
QEMU: internal APIs and conflicting world views How abstractions inside QEMU (don't) work together
Impromptu Q&A about Prometheus and Grafana
Troubleshooting Kubernetes
Pet-VMs and Containers united?
Network Block Device how, what, why
Using NVDIMM under KVM Applications of persistent memory in virtualization
Kubernetes Operators Managing Complex Software with Software
gRPC 101 - building fast and efficient microservices
Singularity The Inner Workings of Securely Running User Containers on HPC Systems
OpenStack with Machine Containers Replacing VM's with Fast and Secure Machine Containers
Live patching the Xen Project hypervisor
Towards a HVM-like Dom0 for Xen reducing the OS burden while taking advantage of new hardware featu…
Running virtual machines in containers
Managing container infrastructure
Deploying Ceph Clusters with Salt
Improving your virtualization development workflow with Lago
Ceph USB Storage Gateway
The next generation Certainty in shared storage environments
Quit managing the infrastructure to manage your infratsructure OpsTheater, an open source stack of …
Does your configuration code smell?
opsi: client management for heterogenous environments An introduction to opsi.
Ceph and Gluster Community Update
Storage overloaded to smoke? Legolize with LizardFS!
OpenStack Magnum at CERN Scaling container clusters to thousands of nodes
Config Management Community Awesome, Awful or Apathetic?
Hyper-converged, persistent storage for containers with GlusterFS
Is it safe? How compliance and scanning fit with Config Management
Evaluating NVMe drives for accelerating HBase NVM HBase acceleration
Cloud Native Java Development Patterns and Principles for Designing Kubernetes Applications
Introduction to Ceph cloud object storage
Ceph and Storage management with openATTIC
CRI: How Kubernetes really runs containers
Managing DEPENDENCIES in containers
Kubernetes+GlusterFS Lightning Ver.
GlusterD-2.0 The next generation of GlusterFS management
Ceph weather report
SELinux Support over GlusterFS
Open-Source BGP networking with OpenDaylight using OpenDaylight to enable advanced BGP use-cases
Infrastructure Monitoring with Postgres
Beyond Trust - PostgreSQL Client Authentication
The emergence of open-source 4G/5G ecosystems
Evolution of Fault Tolerance in PostgreSQL
An overview of PostgreSQL's backup, archiving and replication
Tour de Data Types VARCHAR2 or CHAR(255)?
Getting Started with OpenDaylight
switchdev: the Linux switching framework running a mainline kernel on network gear
FastDataStacks A fast and flexible platform for high performance applications using FD.io
Accelerating TCP with TLDK overview of the architecture and implementation of TLDK
Writing a functional DPDK application from scratch
PNDA.io Big data platform
sysbench 1.0: teaching an old dog new tricks
Cilium - BPF & XDP for containers
Stateful packet processing with eBPF an implementation of OpenState interface
When configuration management meet SDN
eBPF and XDP walkthrough and recent updates
What do you mean ’SDN’ on traditional routers?
Opening network access in the Central Office Open Source initiatives addressing new models for a fu…
Bringing the Semantic Web closer to reality: PostgreSQL as RDF Graph Database
MyRocks The RocksDB storage engine for MySQL
Painless MySQL HA, Scalability and Flexibility With Ansible, MHA and ProxySQL
Introducing gh-ost GitHub's triggerless, painless schema migrations for MySQL
Inexpensive Datamasking for MySQL with ProxySQL data anonymization for developers
Optimizing MySQL without SQL or touching my.cnf
Mix ‘n’ Match Async and Group Replication for Advanced Replication Setups
Speeding Up Analytical Queries in MariaDB CTE's and Window Functions Highlight
Autopsy of an automation disaster
Fine tuning Group Replication for performance
Honeypot your database And easy method to detect if you've been hacked
MySQL & Friends Devroom Welcome
Data Analytics with MySQL, Apache Spark and Apache Drill
Metrics and an application log Your new best friends
Optimizing Errors Away
Unbreakable unit tests
Citybikes Bike sharing networks around the world
PHP in the graph
Group Replication A Journey to the Group Communication Core
The Proxy Wars - MySQL Router, ProxySQL, MariaDB MaxScale
Smart card forwarding
Panopticon A Libre Cross-Platform Disassembler
Desktop security, keeping the key to the castle safe
Applying profilers to MySQL From PMP to perf, and why performance_schema is not a replacement in al…
MyRocks in production at Facebook
Get the most out of your security logs using syslog-ng
Instrumenting plugins for Performance Schema
How to audit, fix (and be merry) with OpenSCAP & Foreman Security & Compliance automation with Fore…
The PTags Linux Security Module
Tanker Embrace the relational model
Is the Linux Desktop less secure than Windows 10? What Gstreamer, Chrome, Tracker and Baloo mean fo…
TLS Test Framework How to check if your SSL server is standards compliant and client compatible
Footprinting for security auditors
Simulation of MITM in PEAP with hostap application of EAP state machines from hostap for MITM simul…
Transform your monolith into a nice SOA app
WTF my container just spawned a shell
Usable Cryptography with José C and command-line JSON Object Signing and Encryption
OSINT Tools for Security Auditing Open Source Intelligence with python tools
MSS - Software for planning research aircraft missions
AF_KTLS - TLS/DTLS Linux kernel module
Boost up your code with Specifications
It's time for datetime Painless working with time in python
rinohtype The Python document processor
From text logs to extensive automatic monitoring
Python Winding Itself Around Datacubes How to Access Massive Multi-Dimensional Arrays in a Pythonic…
The power of duck typing and linear algrebra  How linear algebra and python make a good fit
Creating a dashboard with Laravel, Vue and Pusher
Helping Linux and Java Play Well Together
High performance and scaling techniques in Golang using Go Assembly
High-performance IoT Using Go and Gobot
Webpush notifications for Kinto
Gomobile Android development with Go
The state of Go What to expect in Go 1.8
go-git A pure Go implementation of Git
Go lighting talks Lighting talks about Go
Panel of European legal entities for Free Software projects
gobpf - utilizing eBPF from Go
Reflections on Adjusting Trust: The Mozilla Root Program Tales of running an open and transparent C…
Shenandoah Why Do We Need Yet Another Garbage Collector
Open J9 - The Next Free Java VM
Implementing 'tail -f'
JDK 9 Outreach - The Awesome Parts
GridSound : A free HTML5 Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) Pushing the boundaries of the Web Audio API
Eclipse 4.7 Platform - The new greatness
Bits, Gates, Traces, and Pins Copyleft and Licensing in Open Hardware
Patently Prepared Are FOSS Companies Ready to Deal with Patents in the US and Europe?
Diagnosing Issues in Java Apps using Thermostat and Byteman.
Challenges updating your code to work with Java 9 Jigsaw
FOSS and the GDPR Overview of key changes to EU privacy law that FOSS can use to promote individual…
Experiences in a production environment (Graal)
The State of OpenJDK
OpenJDK Governing Board Q&A
What legal and policy issues concerning FOSS need to be systematically researched?
Protect your freedom to operate with Open Patents Hacking the patent system.
Three ideas for the G1 GC (and how to get involved)
Ruby's Strings and What Java Can Learn From Them
F as in Freedom Codes of Conduct & Community Guidelines
Why we need a legal framework to operate a Trusted Service Provider successfully An overview of som…
Mixed License FOSS Projects  Unintended Consequences, Worked Examples, Best Practices
Is the GPL a copyright license or a contract under U.S. law?
How We Talk About Free Software Legal Tools
Copyleft in Commerce. How GPLv3 keeps Samba relevant in the marketplace
Don't Send An Engineer To Do A Lawyer's Job A beginners guide to community legal engagement
Principled free software license enforcement An open source company perspective
Radio Lockdown Directive Major threat for Free Software on radio devices
Free/open source software and drones Safety, security and privacy issues
Make your Corporate CLA easy to use, please!
Making License Compliance Easy: Step by Open Source Step.
A discussion of Fedora's Legal state This is why I drink.
FOSDEM infrastructure review
Prove with SPARK: No Math, Just Code How to prove key properties of Tetris and run it on ARM Cortex…
Outlook CalDav Synchronizer The missing link in FOSS Exchange server replacement
An open Gravimetric Phenotyping system Finding low-cost solutions to continuous plant monitoring fo…
libuv Cross platform asynchronous i/o
Supercharge your collaboration with an Open Source Wiki and stop using closed source solutions like…
GRUB New maintainers, news and future
Yet Another repoman How We Do CI at oVirt
Kopano Introduction to Kopano Collaboration Platform
Energy data what, how, and why
SOFA - Real-time multi-physics simulation with an emphasis on medical simulation
Analyze terabytes of OS code with one query How to leverage the code shared on GitHub with ease
Let's talk about hardware: The POWER of open. How Open POWER is changing the game and why the Free …
Mailing List, Meet CI Combining Patchwork and Jenkins for fun and profit
OSIS - Open Student Information System A Belgian university decides to open source their core busin…
TPM2.0 practical usage Using a firmware TPM 2.0 on an embedded device
tslib release party state of the touchscreen access library
64 bit Bare Metal Programming on RPI-3 Your first aarch64 bare metal program
Interledger - Internetworking for Money Payments & Micropayments to/from Any Currency
OpenScore - by MuseScore and IMSLP Open-sourcing music with open source software
Scaling your logging infrastructure using syslog-ng
Programming Reconfigurable Devices via FPGA Regions & Device Tree Overlays A User View Benchmark on…
LizardFS - distributed file system made easy A fault tolerant, distributed, parallel and easy to us…
Adding GNU/Hurd support to GNU Guix and GuixSD Porting Guix and GuixSD to GNU/Hurd
From pipelines to graphs Escape the tyranny of the shell’s linear pipelines with dgsh
Success and Failure in Building an Open-Source Software Platform for Autonomous Driving Systems
Crazyflie and Loco Positioning System News from the Crazyflie universe
Network Policy Controller in Weave Net Blocking unwanted network traffic in Kubernetes
Pieter Hintjens In Memoriam For ZeroMQ and all the rest
Bridging the Gap between Legacy Docs and Modular Content
User Session Recording for the Enterprise An Open-Source Effort by Red Hat
Tempesta FW Linux Application Delivery Controller
RISC-V Open Hardware for Your Open Source Software
How I survived to a SoC with a terrible Linux BSP Working with jurassic vendor kernels, missing pie…
Free Software For The Machine
Bazel How to build at Google scale?
LoRaWAN for exploring the Internet of Things  Talk Hard: A technical, political, and cultural look …
Virtuozzo containers, how it works virtuozzo, most known as openvz containers techonlogy
Continuous Localisation using FOSS tools Building a fast responsive localisation process using open…
How to write your novel with open source application Introduction to bibisco
QtPass and opensource project management The road from a 2 day project till inclusion in all distro…
Continuous Integration at a Distribution Level Shepherding 30.000 packages to never break
Passbolt Open source password manager for teams
Learning programming in the XXI century How to say goodbye to "Hello, world"
Open Source Car Control
Encryption for the masses with pretty Easy privacy (p≡p) A rough overview
Libreboot Free your BIOS today!
The Armadito antivirus project modular, multi-platform & a management console
The s6 supervision suite A modern alternative to systemd
What open source and J.K. Rowling have in common Importance of storytelling in open source projects
From TRL to MRL: Assessing Open Source Project Market Readiness
Connecting End Users and Developers With the Requirements Bazaar
Alyvix: Under the hood Visual synthetic monitoring of network applications that work through propri…
Kernel DLC Metrics, Statistic Analysis and Bug-Patterns
Datacubes on Steroids with ISO Array SQL Open Source, Open Standards, Open Terabytes
The Veripeditus AR Game Framework Enabling everyone to freely create Augmented Reality Games
Adding IEEE 802.15.4 and 6LoWPAN to an Embedded Linux Device
From zero to first test in your own LAVA laboratory (in less than 30 minutes)
Hacking with Guile… Or how I stopped worrying and learned to love the REPL
Loco Positioning: An OpenSource Local Positioning System for robotics Presentation with a demo of a…
Testing with volcanoes - Fuego+LAVA  Embedded testing going distributed
Device Tailored Compositors with the QtWayland Compositor Framework
Learning IoT & coding with HTML5 games Introducing Clouduboy and Happy Code Friends
What motivates the open source community? - a qualitative exploration of the underlying experiences…
Firefox: The Puppet Show Automating Firefox with WebDriver using Selenium and GeckoDriver
Embedding/Maintaining SpiderMonkey in a large scale project
Don't break the Internet!, Mozilla Copyright Campaign in Europe
Introduction to A-Frame Build Virtual Reality on the Web
Diversity User Research and Women in Open Source Becoming a Better Listener and Women in Open Sourc…
Small languages panel
Rebooting Firefox Nightly A community building project around the Firefox Nightly Channel
How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Tumbleweed Why everyone should be running a rolling release
Firefox DevTools Deep Dive
Future of Guix
Corrode Tool-aided translation from C to Rust
Network freedom, live at the REPL!
Composing system services in GuixSD or how we came to wonder what a "system service" really is
How Rust is being developed The Rust development dashboard
Lua API for RTC Services with Kamailio Build scalable VoIP services with Lua
Discourse development for beginners
Web Logins after Persona How I solved logins on my small websites
User interfaces with Guile and their application
WebRender, the next generation graphics engine by Mozilla research A technical talk about the web r…
So that was HTTP/2, what's next?
Writing Open Source Documentation for Open Source Projects How SUSE is documented and what we can l…
An introduction to functional package management with GNU Guix
Firefox and WebExtensions
(Mobile) Web Compatibility Why is important to care about users from different platform. How can yo…
Workflow management with GNU Guix
Reproducible packaging and distribution of software with GNU Guix Distributing software with Guix
Distributions from the view of a package
Deploying NPM packages with the Nix package manager
Mes -- Maxwell's Equations of Software An attempt at dissolving [GuixSD's] bootstrap binaries
Free Software In Europe's Public Sector HOWTO open source in public administration
Mageia, successes and lessons learned 6 years after forking Retrospective and future plans from the…
RDO's continuous packaging platform How to continuously package OpenStack (or other things) for Cen…
Transactional Updates with btrfs
Natural script writing with Guile The newest step on my path towards the perfect script writing syn…
Modularity & Generational Core The future of Fedora?
Building a distro with musl libc Why and how Alpine Linux did it
Source code Are we not forgetting something?
Using a generic distro to redefine IoT
Bundling KDE Where does KDE land in the Snap and Flatpak world?
Continuous Integration with the Open Build Service
Electron Solving our cross-platform dreams?
Lightning talk session Open Document Editors DevRoom 5 minutes each - come to submit until 30 minut…
Corporate WebDesk Building the next corporate applications
From Gtk to Qt: An Strange Journey, part 2 The continuation of the original talk from Dirk Hohndel …
Kube The next generation communication and collaboration client
Classic Applications in a Confined Ecosystem Using libertine to run deb-packaged, X11 applications …
Haiku, a desktop you can still learn from No, you didn't steal all our ideas yet ;-)
Open source behind a web request explaining a web request through open source software
KDE SlimBook Q&A
Tackling the LibreOffice update problem Automated updates and update statistics
Retro desktops for retro computers From 8-bit to Atari, Amiga & friends
The Office Pokémon GO IV Calculator Games, Fun, and Hacks with OpenOffice/LibreOffice
LibreOffice and your IDE gbuild, json and other buzzwords
Cleaning up the spellcheck dictionary And making it faster and more maintainable
Interoperability regression testing in LibreOffice
Office Basic Source Code Management OpenOffice/LibreOffice Basic Development with 3rd-Party Editors…
The Document Foundation Development Dashboard: hands on
LibreOffice XML Help in your local browser Bringing 2017 to LibreOffice Help
Containers in Pure Perl
Introducing LibreOffice SafeMode
Schema Database Documentation Through Introspection
Informal Domain Specific Languages in Perl 6
LibreOffice on Wayland via GTK3
Web Development and Perl 6
Perl 5.24, 5.26, and the Future of Perl 5
Notes from the Trenches Parsing Perl 6 *in* Perl 6
DIY: Home monitoring with Ruby & Pi
Integrating LibreOffice Online via WOPI
Hold my beer and watch this!
Building a Universe with Perl
Enhance metafile importers - a restart First steps in re-architecting our various metafile / svg im…
Extensions Ugly Toupee or Hipster Hairdo?
Exploiting Concurrency How I stopped worrying and started threading ...
DrawingLayer - Optimization & Implementation See how we optimized drawinglayer performance with buf…
Make your LibreOffice extensions and macros rock Defining user interface has never been easier
Contextual groups in LibreOffice' Notebookbar How to make life easier for beginners
A People's History of the Ruby Garbage Collector Ruby GC from 1.8 until 2.4 and beyond!
What the Cell?! Unexpected things happening under the grid.
JRuby in 2017: Rails 5, Ruby 2.4, Performance We'll survey the work going on to make JRuby more com…
The Document Foundation Development Dashboard How LibreOffice is being developed
Simple Number Theory in Perl 6
LibreOffice Online Debugging
What makes TruffleRuby run Optcarrot 9 times faster than MRI?
Docker for Perl[56] People A Ridiculously Short Introduction
LibreOffice UI Concept A personal, user friendly and flexible interface
concurrent-ruby modern tools explained
Perl6 as a First Language
Highly Surmountable Challenges in Ruby+OMR JIT Compilation
Changing the Image of Perl
Leverging Rust to Build a Windows friendly ecosystem for mruby
Announcements and Lightning talks
Media Analysis tools How we check media files
Making Camelia Fly Faster
Scientific Computing on JRuby
Modern Fuzzing of Media-processing projects Keeping media processing secure and stable
10 years of Open Source Innovation in Online Video What's been done, what's next?
AV1: Status update Progress, expected features and encoding gains
What's new in GStreamer land The last 2 years and the future
AES67 Open Media Standard for Pro-Audio Networks
Welcome to the Ruby Devroom 2017
Open Source Support for TTML Subtitles Status Quo and Outlook
AES70 Open Control Standard for Pro-Audio Networks
Live Streaming with Nginx, RTMP and Kaltura
High throughput CDR Rating Queues using CGRateS
QoS Challenges for Real Time Traffic Deployable QoS Using the NEAT System
Free communications on the desktop The case of Telepathy
Introducing mediasoup A WebRTC SFU for Node.js
Jitsi: state of the union What's new in Jitsi and its related projects
Using XMPP to Connect and secure the world of IoT XMPP backed IoT
Adding 16-bit Character Support in LLVM
JsSIP: SIP in your browser
OpenSIPS - an event-driven SIP routing engine
Metre Border Guard for XMPP Security Domains
RTC Analytics with HOMER 6 + Big-Data Export, Analyze and Alert RTC using HOMER and your favorite B…
Fundraising and Crowdfunding for FreeRTC Helping developers who work on RTC full time
Asynchronous event/state notifications in the Janus WebRTC server Providing administrators and deve…
Scalable Asterisk Servers in a Large SIP Infrastructure
FreeSWITCH, SIP and WebRTC Load Balancing and High Availability FreeSWITCH in Real World
Conversations in a dual stack world IP and the old IP together - what can go wrong?
Telepathy-Bell Telepahty Connection Manager for Ring.
CloudABI for FreeBSD How does it work?
Security Enhanced LLVM
My BSD sucks less than yours
WebRTC - Low barrier to entry. Low barrier to exit?
WebRTC and speech recognition services
Open Media devroom wrap-up What's next?
Real-Time Chat on the Web How to use XMPP and Converse.js to integrate webchat into any website
Mutation Testing Leaving the Stone Age
GELIBoot Booting FreeBSD from encrypted disk
Overview of Upipe modules for broadcast professionals
LLD from a user's perspective
Dissecting media file formats with Kaitai Struct
GlobalISel - LLVM's Latest Instruction Selection Framework
The challenges and secrets of the realtime world What are the main technologies, frameworks and pro…
Profile-Guided Optimization in the LDC D compiler Implementation and Benefits
The distributed systems behind Ring BlockChain and OpenDHT
Using clang as a Frontend on a Formal Verification Tool
Real Time Communication Improving Real Time Communication with free software
GPAC: delivery of VR/360 videos using Tiles
A different Lua JIT using Eclipse OMR Using the Eclipse OMR JitBuilder to improve Lua performance w…
Using LNT to track performance
Creating a LITE transcoding Workflow with OSS Ffmpeg, PHP, NodeJS, Jquery
Making wearables with NodeMCU
LuaJIT for AArch64 and MIPS64 platforms Improvements and the status
Open Media devroom introduction
Packaging Go in pkgsrc
LLVM at Red Hat How and where is LLVM used in the Red Hat ecosystem
Transport Evolution on top of the BSD's A New, Evolutive API and Transport-Layer Architecture for t…
Quick functional UI sketches with Lua templates and mermaid.js
Convergent functions and function parameters SPMD semantics for GPU programs
0xFF Drawing games for a DIY console
Next Generation of the LuaRocks test suite
Rapid backend prototyping for a geolocation-based mobile game With OpenResty, Redis and Docker
openEMSstim Open-source muscle stimulation for interactive experiences & games
Polymorph A libre game engine based on Ogre3D and Puredata
Snap! Build Your Own Blocks Interactive visual programming
LuaWt Lua bindings for a C++ Web Toolkit library
WebCam based games OpenCV in practice: example for developers and business
FFDN 5 years of DIY Internet accesss
[diaspora] The state of diaspora* and the decentralized social world The Federation is alive!
[freifunk] Access is a human right
Computer games – not as easy as it looks
Playing with the lights Control LIFX WiFi-enabled light bulbs
Drawing based game design
Escoria, a libre point'n'click framework using Godot Engine "Oh, it looks just like SCUMM!" -- Tim …
Goal Rush Creating a game with Monogame and other open source software
Iotivity from devices to cloud How to make IoT ideas to real using FLOSS.
JerryScript An ultra-lightweight JavaScript engine for the Internet of Things
Tablexia Cognitive Training for Children with Dyslexia
Creating GPL'ed multimedia assets
Can open source open minds? Lessons learned making games about diversity for the IncLudo project
Does your coffee machine speaks Bocce Teach your IoT thing to speak Modbus and it will not stop tal…
Living Orb Tangible game console.
Hero.Coli, learning synthetic biology by playing: an update Open Source, Open Data, Open Science
Internet Of Things Devroom Opening Overview of the day and Pieter Hintjens in memoriam
On the way to a FOSS Platform for Cloud Based IoT Solutions
[cozy] Decentralize & Recentralize on Cozy Learn the real value of your data, using cozy
Open Smart Grid Platform presentation An Open source IoT platform for large infrastructures
ADEM Collaborative air pollution monitoring
Warp10: A new paradigm for Time Series analysis
Yocto based IoT device
Project Lighthouse A low-cost device to help blind people live independently
Building distributed systems with Msgflo Flow-based-programming over message queues
6LoWPAN in picoTCP And how to support new Link Layer types
guifi.net An Open, Libre and Neutral Telecommunications Network Based in Commons
[caliopen] Privacy index metrics in digital communication Showing to Caliopen's users how public th…
Scientific MicroPython for Microcontrollers and IoT IoT programming with Python
Introducing kernel-agnostic Genode executables
libre.sh helps you to host your FLOSS Get up and running with libre.sh in 20mins \o/
Frosted Embedded POSIX OS A free POSIX OS for Cortex-M embedded systems
Redox OS A safety-first microkernel developed in Rust
Disaster Recovery management with ReaR and DRLM DRLM Workshop
HelenOS in the year of the fire monkey
Let's de-Google-ify the Internet FLOSS: Positive Alternatives to Big-Data centralized Services
The future of decentralised communication, identity and reputation with Matrix
The Internet Cube / La Brique Internet
Making the GAFAs obsolete Decentralizing the servers with the personal cloud approach. Introduction…
[nextcloud] Cloud Federation sync, share & collaborate in a decentralized cloud
A kernel in a library Genode's custom kernel approach
Puffin Free Webapp Hosting for Average Users
OpenWISP2 a self hosted solution to control OpenWRT/LEDE devices
Deterministic replay support for Genode components Performance penalty and challenges
The VFS paradigm from the perspective of a component OS
Virtualization on the Hurd
Privacy in practice for self hosting
Developers looking for designers? Pitch your project! [Group]
TCP/IP for MINIX, the good, the bad, the ugly
FreedomBox, liberty inside the cloud. Run your own life. Host your freedom. Connect with people.
YunoHost
Secure Microkernel for Deeply Embedded Devices
Incremental Backups Good things come in small packages!
First steps with Relax-and-Recover (ReaR) Understand how ReaR works by running it yourself.
Opening up accessible design
Bareos - Backup Archiving REcovery Open Sourced - Overview
Interacting with Bareos Using Bareos Console commands to automate tasks
Beyond that fancy logo Reaping the full benefits of design contributions
Accessibility in Open Source Accessibility in Open Source
Finding your users’ needs Researching motivations, activities and problems of your users
When Cultures Clash Integrating UX with FOSS Development
Designing MuseScore My experience with doing UX design with local volunteers
Design feedback in Open Source
Why should we take an interest in Open Design? Thoughts and initiatives to open the creative process
Designing in the open - The UX of UX How does this thing called open source design work, or doesn't…
Future ideas for ReaR, DRLM, and Bareos Talk with ReaR, DRLM, and Bareos users about what they like…
Success Stories from the OSD community
Architectural font digitisiation and design Typographic pipeline with Graphviz, Inkscape and Fontfo…
SDR Panel: Which are the top 3 challenges for free software radio? An interactive session. Let's ta…
Get designers involved in your open source project! 💻 + 🎨 = 🙂 how we do it at Nextcloud
Relax-and-Recover Automated Testing
Interviews as user research How I built a public transportation UI using interviews
Welcoming and Introduction
Promoting your FOSS project to university student designers
Mozilla Open Design What we learned in 2016
Our Open Source Design collective [Group] + group photo! :)
Introduction to  Bareos Backup Python Plugins How to extend Bareos with Plugins written in Python
Digital hardware design What can we learn from software development – and what not?
Integrated Spice Simulation with Kicad
GNOME Recipe App From Thinking On to Acting On
Tutorial: my first hardware design Basic course to create a simple FPGA design using OSS tools
Essentials about Disaster Recovery with Relax-and-Recover A generic introduction for beginners
FPGAs in SDR -- Why, when, and how to use them (with RFNoC) Taming digital hardware for software ra…
KiCad Project Status
Kitnic.it and 1-click BOM Making web-enabled EDA tools using Javascript
Footwork PCB designs as code and EDA as code synthesis
SpinalHDL An alternative hardware description langage presentation
GNU Radio Project Intro & Update manipulating one of the four fundamental forces of the universe
Diving into the KiCad source code
Ruby bindings for Libgerbv Display and edit Gerber RS247X files the easy way
Understanding JESD204B High-speed inter-device data transfers for SDR
QUCS project update Overview, status and ongoing developments.
Networked-Signal Processing in OAI
FLOSS Tools for High Level Synthesis Integrating the FPGA into the Operating System
gnucap -- recent work and directions
Welcome Word Backup and Disaster Recovery devroom Introduction and welcome word
Overview of gr-inspector A Signal Analysis Toolbox for GNU Radio
Virtual multi-antenna arrays for estimating the bearing of radio transmitters
Mutants, tests and zombies aka mutation testing with Python and a pinch of Ruby
Testing web applications with traffic control in containers
Monitoring the ionosphere altitude variation with a sound card software defined radio processing of…
Tensor Processing and Machine Learning for Signal Processing Functional Algorithm Definition and Co…
From 0 to 6 GHz in 30 minutes: Bootstrapping your SDR experience Start from scratch today, hack the…
Receiving Wireless Mobile Traffic Lights
'Open Notices' - alpha A global platform for official notices (planning, licensing etc)
Open Source Map Rendering with Mapbox GL Native
SDR, Ham Radio and the Debian Hams project Turn-key solutions for hams using Debian packages
GPU-Enabled Polyphase Filterbanks Everyday I'm Shuffling
SatNOGS An SDR-based Satellite Networked Open Ground Station
Intro to semantic annotations for geographic web maps in HTML Pulling Schema.org, Dublin Core, Micr…
Xorn: A new approach to scripting for gEDA/gaf
airspace-v.com international hangar flying
Google Summer of Code 2016 @OSGeo
Find the best place in the city Using City Focus, a web based 2D/3D GIS
Khartis - How to simply create thematic maps in three steps
Big Spatio-Temporal Datacubes on Steroids ...and Standards
Creating georeferenced digital elevation models from unmanned aerial vehicle images
Easily creating location-based applications with OSMAlchemy Learn how to create (web) applications …
Graphs at scale Scale out Neo4j using Apache Mesos and DC/OS
German weather data with R
Working with spatial data in Go
(Cypher)-[:ON]-❯(ApacheFlink)❮-[:USING]-(Gradoop)
Graph Analytics on Massively Parallel Processing Databases
What to expect from MySQL 8.0?
Geography on Boost.Geometry The Earth is not flat (but it's not round either)
Test your docs
GitLab CI: (almost) effortless Open Source CI an introduction at how testing with gitlab CI is adva…
Using graph databases in popular open source CMSs Neo4J and Drupal, potential application areas and…
Using Containers for Building and Testing Docker, Kubernetes and Mesos
How to break the OpenStreetMap Pros and pitfalls of editing OSM data offline
From Shopping Baskets to Structural Patterns
Incremental Graph Queries with openCypher
Introduction to Boost.Geometry
Future of Mobile Automation Testing, Appium steals it Mobile Testing Future
Intro to Graph databases
Designing a graph library for JavaScript
Twitter Streaming Graph with Gephi Visualising stream of Data
Graph Processing on SAP HANA, express edition
Declarative Pipelines in Jenkins A new way to define your pipelines in Jenkins
Infer A static analyzer for catching bugs before you ship
Network Traffic Analysis of Hadoop Clusters Understand the common usage patterns and identify typic…
Do You Want to Retry? Handling and Testing Network Failures
Into Geospatial Devroom
Can strace make you fail? strace syscall fault injection
Ethics in Network Measurements  Moral obligations of engineers, scientists and hackers, based on ex…
Portfolio of optimized cryptographic functions based on Keccak
Portability of containers across diverse HPC resources with Singularity
Purely Functional GPU Programming with Futhark
Postgres MPP Data Warehousing joins Hadoop ecosystem Making two elephants dance
The Making of a Secure Open Source Password Keeper From the Electronics to the High Level Software.…
Kafka Streams and Protobuf stream processing at trivago
Encrypting Matrix Building a universal end-to-end encrypted communication ecosystem with Matrix and…
BigPetStore on Spark and Flink Implementing use cases on unified Big Data engines
The birth of HPC Cuba How supercomputing is being made available to all Cuban researchers using FOSS
Putting Your Jobs Under the Microscope using OGRT
Optimized and reproducible HPC Software deployment with free software and GNU Guix
Securing Automated Decryption New Cryptography and Techniques
WireGuard: Next Generation Secure Kernel Network Tunnel Cutting edge crypto, shrewd kernel design, …
Quantum computing and post-quantum cryptography a gentle overview
Reproducible HPC Software Installation on Cray Systems with EasyBuild
Not less, Not more. Exactly Once Large-Scale Stream Processing in Action.
Intelligently Collecting Data at the Edge Intro to Apache NiFi and MiNiFi
Democratizing Deep Learning with Tensorflow on Hops Hadoop
You know what's cool? Running on billions of devices curl from A to Z
Making Wiki Gardening Tasks Easier Using Big Data and NLP
Using Linux in Air Traffic Control Hardware and Operating System Platforms
It's time to SAFE the Internet Introducing SAFE, the decentralised privacy-first storage and commun…
A field guide to the machine learning zoo
Dask - extending Python data tools for parallel and distributed computing
Why you should care about SQL for big data and how Apache Calcite can help #SQL4NoSQL
Using BigBench to compare Hive and Spark versions and features BigBench in Hive and Spark
All Ages: How to Build a Movement
Software Heritage Preserving the Free Software Commons
Kubernetes on the road to GIFEE
Quickstart Big Data
The Marriage of Cloud, HPC and Containers
Understanding The Complexity of Copyleft Defense After 25 Years of GPL Enforcement, Is Copyleft Suc…
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About "Hello, World"* (*But Were Afraid To Ask)
Extending Spark Machine Learning Pipelines Going beyond wordcount with Spark ML
CloudABI Easily develop sandboxed apps for UNIX
Closing
Closing FOSDEM 2017
Opening
Resurrecting dinosaurs, what can possibly go wrong? How Containerised Applications could eat our us…
Welcome to FOSDEM 2017
New GPIO interface for linux user space GPIO character device API and libgpiod
How Carton, Docker, and CircleCI Saved my Sanity Or how I stopped using RPMs and learned to love Do…
Automate oVirt Disaster Recovery Solution With Ansible See How Ansible Makes oVirt Recovery A Piece…
Researchers and Software Licenses The story of what we are doing at the German Aerospace Center (DL…
Gutenberg to Google Fonts: the sordid history of typeface licensing issues Legal issues for project…
Let's talk database optimizers
Histogram support in MySQL 8.0
What community can learn from marketing Community isn't marketing but there are things that develop…
Managing build infrastructure of a Debian derivative
Instant ADD COLUMN for InnoDB in MariaDB 10.3+  On the way to instant ALTER TABLE of failure-free r…
Experiences with testing dev MySQL versions and why it's good for you
Documentation convergence project for LibreOffice Make just one documentation for all
The future of the internet from a Mozilla perspective Brought to you by Mozilla's executive chairwo…
Kodi and Embedded Linux Moving Towards Common Windowing and Video Acceleration
Mirai and Computer Vision Security and function of connected webcams
Efficient Graph Algorithms in Neo4j
The Future of Copyleft: Data and Theory
FOSS Platform for Cloud Based IoT Solutions Eclipse-IOT FOSS Platform for Cloud IoT
Template toolkit translations
Releasing to CPAN and GitHub
Welcome to the Perl devroom
IoT DevRoom Opening Overview of the day
Securing Embedded Systems using Virtualization
Perl in the Physics Lab
BaseDocumenter LibreOffice Base applications: how to document them, how to manage and analyze impac…
ProxySQL - GTID Consistent Reads Adaptive query routing based on GTID tracking
Stupid Pluto Tricks Real world things you can do with a PlutoSDR
MyRocks roadmaps and production deployment at Facebook
Introduction to Flatpak
Why We’re excited about MySQL 8
Proposal for better font handling in LibreOffice
Keys to deploy affordable virtual desktops with IsardVDI VDI solution from scratch optimizing all c…
Kernel Graphics Development on Remote Machines Accessing machines remotely with Open Source tools
BYOR: Bring-your-own-radio hacking session Bring your device, show us what it can do!
Introducing BuildStream A distribution agnostic build tool
Flatpak and your distribution
MySQL 8.0 Performance: InnoDB Re-Design
Capture the GDPR with Identity management Crafting Identity management tool to handle GDPR requirem…
Recapping DARPA's First Big Hackfest
... like real computers! Making distributions work on single board computers
diskimage-builder: Building Linux Images for Cloud / Virtualization / Container
Rustarm AKA A project looking at Rust for Embedded Systems Rust on embedded platforms
Adding support for a mouse in libratbag
Gnuk Token and GnuPG scdaemon
Hacking the JVM from Java
Automating Secure Boot testing
Next Generation Config Mgmt: Reactive Systems
Surviving in an Open Source Niche: the Pythran case a compiler for scientific kernels written in Py…
Understanding 26 U.S.C. § 501, and Organizational Governance ... and why understanding all this mat…
Handling Billions Of Edges in a Graph Database
C++ Code Generation with GRC
NFV a' la VDE way
Cypher: An evolving query language for property graphs A discussion of new extensions to Cypher
Re-structuring a giant, ancient code-base for new platforms Making LibreOffice work well everywhere.
Sustainability of Open Source in International Development A new approach from the United Nations F…
Adding performance counters to htop
Component Sourcing for Design and Manufacturing in Shenzhen An augmentation of Bunnie Huang's "Guid…
Community & Business Two worlds, one galaxy
Improving the SecureDrop system architecture Good useability in a high security environment
Cockpit: A Linux Sysadmin Session in your Browser
The Invisible Internet Project An overview and guide to the technology
Building RT Linux distribution with Yocto
So you think you can validate email addresses A journey down RFC5321
Wrap it Up! Packaging from Pots to Software
Viva, the NoSQL Postgres ! Jsonb history and roadmap
Are distributions still relevant?
Emitter: Scalable, fast and secure pub/sub in Go Scalable and real-time networking for IoT, web app…
Regular Expression Derivatives in Python
Optimizing Software Defined Storage for the Age of Flash
The Computer Science behind a modern distributed data store
Moving PCI emulation inside of Xen Reasons and implementation of a PCI emulation layer inside of Xen
Gnucap, and analog and mixed signal simulation
How to keep your embedded Linux up and running? Paint Your L[inux|awn] Green
Logging IoT Know what your IoT devices are doing
Facing the Challenges of Updating Complex Systems Putting it all together
JVM Futures
PostgreSQL Replication in 2018
Cyborg Teams Training machines to be Open Source contributors
Keeping It Real (Time) Real-Time Support in OpenStack
Graal: How to use the new JVM JIT compiler in real life
Top Ten Metrics for Evaluating your Garbage Collector
G-CORE: The LDBC Graph Query Language Proposal
People can't care when they don't know Improving how major sites communicate licensing information
Wayland client basics How to natively speak Wayland in your application, from the bottom up
Analzying Blockchain transactions in Apache Spark
A Journey through Upstream Atomic KMS to achieve DP compliance Black Screens and how to prevent the…
Graphic design tools for Open Source FPGAs Learn about the Apio and Icestudio projects
Developing an Open Source Hardware Laptop with KiCAD Using FOSS tools for designing an OSHW laptop
Funny digital electronics with Open Source FPGAs
Connecting the Edge Project Flogo as Ultra-lightweight IoT Apps framework
An Open Platform for Collecting data for OpenSeaMap The Proposed Platform Comprises Open Soft- & Ha…
Improvements around document signatures and encryption Signing and encrypting with OpenPGP, adding …
FOSS/H EDA tools for SPICE modeling
Dialog tunneling in LibreOffice Online
FOSSology - OSS Project for License Compliance
Ligato: a platform for development of cloud-native VNFs
Calc: The challenges of scalable arithmetic how threading can be challenging
Etienne Saliez - A look at “Natural Intelligence” IMMM Interactive Medical Mind Maps
Peeling onions: understanding and using the Tor network
Barometer: Taking the pressure off of assurance and resource contention scenarios for NFVI
Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS) How Mozilla is helping open source projects like yours
Crowdsupply EOMA68 Progress Report A summary of the past year working on fulfilling the pledges fro…
MySQL: Scaling & High Availability Production experience for the last decade
Easy GnuPG Shell scripts to make GnuPG more accessible and easier to use
Next Generation Internet Initiative An opportunity to fix the internet
Igniting the Open Hardware Ecosystem with RISC-V SiFive's Freedom U500 is the World's First Linux-c…
4 Perl web services I wrote and that you may like
Networking deepdive From net.Dial to gRPC
The emPeerTube strikes back Let's decentralize YouTube !
A tour with Firefox' developer tools
Class Metadata: A User Guide
Bugmark a futures market for software bugs and tasks, on the blockchain
OpenADx – xcelerate your Automated Driving development Leveraging open collaboration and open sourc…
The current EU copyright reform proposal: the end of FLOSS in Europe?
Tomorrow's JavaScript Debugger How to shape your own JS debugger in 2018
An optimized GFDM software implementation for low-latency
IoT.js - A JavaScript platform for the Internet of Things
Physics, Math, and SDR Recognize, measure, and correct the inevitable
Photon Performance How We Made Firefox Faster
Fundraising and Crowdfunding for FreeRTC Community discussion about fundraising
Moving from policy to action:  Learning to live by our Community Participation Guidelines
Making a browser fast The story of Firefox Quantum
Digital Archaeology Maintaining our digital heritage
Performance Analysis and Troubleshooting Methodologies for Databases
Google’s approach to distributed systems observability for Go
WebExtensions API status after Firefox 57
Kamailio - Pick Your SIP Routing Scripting Language
SIP based group chat with Linphone  A discussion on how Linphone implements  SIP RFCs to achieve te…
Starviewer: FOSS DICOM Medical Imaging Software Over 10 years fulfilling the daily needs of clinici…
Asterisk Project: Do I see video in the future?
aiosip: the efficient swiss-army knife of SIP
OpenDHT: make your project distributed Use cases, new and upcoming features
Using CGRateS as online Diameter/Radius AAA Server
Debugging A Live Gluster File System Using .meta Directory
Automating style guide documentation How we at Zalando Retail Dept automated our Styleguide & sourc…
PostgreSQL -- A Crash Course
Too young to rock'n'roll (and to contribute) Issues with minors (children) contributing to FOSS pro…
Outsourcing Source Code Distribution Requirements
A lion, a head, and a dash of YAML Extending Sphinx to automate your documentation
Mallard, Pintail, and other duck topics topic-oriented help at the GNOME project
How to build autonomous robot for less than 2K€ Build a robot doing Simultaneous Localisation And M…
Highly Available Foreman A presentation about Highly Available Foreman including common pitfalls an…
Recycle Parsers With Grammar::Common in Perl 6
Terraform is maturing problems we've seen in puppet and their solutions
A decade of config surgery with Augeas
Using Cryptographic Hardware
freeIPA installation using Ansible Description and examples of freeIPA client and server installati…
Free your Weather Station! War Stories from hacking Weather Stations
Identity governance and data protection with midPoint
Measuring security and privacy on the Web The idea and use of PrivacyScore.org
Package Management Unites Us All
A Bug in Your Ear Patching the People Side
Cooperative Communities Do we really have to set up a new community for every cause?
Tutorial: my first FPGA design Basic course to create a simple FPGA design using OSS tools
LibreOffice QA - One Year Overview What have happened between FOSDEM17 and FOSDEM18
AV1 Codec Update
Current meta of video compression and probable futures ...or how to hammer things until they work b…
RAWcooked Compress your DPX and revert without losing any metadata
GPAC: Support for High Efficiency Image Format (HEIF)
The path to Data-plane micro-services Software defined network functions are changing!
Handling media - the RESTful approach How we integrated media content in textual API
Open Food Facts: the wikipedia of food products What if you could freely analyse all the food and c…
Why I forked my own project and my own company ownCloud to Nextcloud
How compilers affect dependency resolution in Spack
Ceph & ELK Use the power of the ELK stack to know more about your Ceph Cluster!
Finding a home for docs How to choose the right "path" for documentation in open source projects
Moby Project and Docker Inc — Balancing community and corporate needs
Reasons to mitigate from NFSV3 to NFSV4/4.1
Introduction to Swift Object Storage Understanding the architecture and use cases
Package management over Tor
DRLM in Action! GNU/Linux Disaster Recovery, the open source way
GRUB upstream and distros cooperation
It's a Trie... it's a Graph... it's a Traph! Designing an on-file multi-level graph index for the H…
How to backup Ceph at scale
The UoC Radio Station Project Technical overview of an FM radio station based on open source and DIY
Hairy Security the many threats to a Java web app
Graphics Performance Analysis with FrameRetrace A Responsive UI for ApiTrace
Reimagining EDSAC in open source An valve computer reimplemented using FPGAs, Arduinos, 3D printing…
Kubernetes load balancing for virtual machines (Pods)
Piece of cake - testing remote embedded devices made easy using open-hardware MuxPi
Making Linux Security Modules available to Containers Stacking and Namespacing the LSM
Programming UEFI for dummies What I have learned while tweaking FreePascal to output UEFI binaries
Analyzing developers network in a community
The State of Containers in Scientific Computing
Kubernetes Security Best Practices
You want a Clean Desktop OS? Containerize it
Image capture on embedded linux systems
Welcome Introduction to the containers devroom
ARM64 + FPGA and more: Linux on the Xilinx ZynqMP Opportunities and challenges from a powerful and …
Implementing state-of-the-art U-Boot port, 2018 edition How to port U-Boot to a new system using be…
Turning physical systems into containers Migrating to system containers
Introduction to LXD clustering Multi-node deployments with one big virtual LXD
Advocating For FOSS Inside Companies
Network Automation Journey  A systems engineer NetOps perspective
Comparative Law of Licenses and Contracts in the US, UK and EU
Unix? Windows? Gentoo! POSIX? Win32? Native Portability to the max!
Package Management Panel Discussion  Future of Package Management
Testing for testing Using CI in the classroom
Inside Monero The world's first fungible cryptocurrency
Software necromancy with Perl
Linux as an SPI Slave Adding SPI slave support to Linux
LLVM, Rust, and Debugging
How to cross-compile with LLVM based tools
Heterogeneous Computing with D Using the PTX and SPIR-V targets with a system programming language
Turning On the Lights with Home Assistant and MQTT
Home automation - Not as simple as you think
ZX Spectrum in the New Millenium Upgrading ROM Cartridge to 512KB
Tizen:RT A lightweight RTOS platform for low-end IoT devices
The half rolling repository model The golden intersection for desktop users?
The GNU Radio runtime Reinventing a very fast wheel
Claim Space, the Libre Way, using SDRs
Testing in Rust A Primer in Testing and Mocking
MySQL Test Framework for Support and Bugs Work
The RTP bleed and what can we do?
webPh.one - connect community cellular networks using WebRTC and PWA Open Source , WebRTC and Web t…
Data integrity protection with cryptsetup tools what is the Linux dm-integrity module and why we ex…
MySQL InnoDB Cluster MySQL HA Made Easy!
Urban places as nodes of a decentralized Internet The MAZI toolkit and the Openki.net platform
Contributopia De-google-ifying is not enough
Security Theatre The (mostly) unknown OSI Layer 8
Perceval: Software Project Data at Your Will OSS development tools data extraction
Linux Test Project introduction
Making the web faster with the JavaScript Binary AST
The Chromium project's Way to Wayland
Componolit - a component-based open-source platform for trustworthy mobile devices Deprivileging th…
The AMD Linux graphics stack, 2018 edition
DWARF Pieces And Other DWARF Location Woes
Testing and Automation in the Era of Containers (with Go)
Beyond the screen WebXR: when immersive content enters the Web
Debug your build by tracing and reversing stracing your build from sources to binaries
Java in a World of Containers
GStreamer for tiny devices Making GStreamer small
horizon - a new star on the EDA sky
Your Open Source Community Metrics Should be Tracking More than Code
Shaders in radeonsi an update on dynamic linking and NIR
Infinity
Valgrind's Memcheck tool vs Optimising Compilers Keeping the false positive rate under control
Debugging realtime application with Ftrace
gdb tools: duel and @PrettyPrinter
strace: new features
Rust versus DWARF versus LLVM
DTrace for Linux
Status of the Apache ODF Toolkit (incubating)
Go Lightning Talks Come speak!
Antipatterns in OpenOffice Code How can we ensure better Code
Kodi v18 features and improvements What we've been busy with
Accessibility 101 (not only) for LibreOffice developers
Lightning talk session Come and tell us your most recent hack - in 5 mins!
Computer Vision Using Go And OpenCV
LO URI 101
EPUB export in LibreOffice Writer
The State of Go What's new in Go 1.10
Good things come to those who wait - BorderFrames and WriterGraphics Armin will hold this talk
Terra Bruciata where bugs cannot survive
DNA sequencing performance in Go, C++, and Java
Upspin and a future of the Internet My vision of Rob Pike's Upspin as a basis for a decentralized I…
Dep Deep Dive!
ONAP – A road to network automation
LitOps: literature-as-software Briging DevOps culture to the creation and production of books
(Yet another) passive RADAR using DVB-T receiver and SDR.
The Open Decision Framework How to make everybody happy
Privacy aware city navigation with CityZen app The free open source app that let's you explore your…
Device Assignment for VMs in Kubernetes
Building OSM based web app from scratch How to find the way through the open source jungle
Whisper and Swarm Protocol for RTC Decentralised, Distributed and Deniable, Communication.
Pronto Raster: A C++ library for Map Algebra
Teleport: Local filesharing app
Mapping FOSDEM for accessibility
Compiler-assisted Security Enhancement
Docs like code in Drupal Introducing Open DevPortal, an open source CMS based documentation tool
What's new in GStreamer?
FOSDEM Infrastructure Review
File access-control per container with Landlock
Vectors Meet Virtualization challenges from our new data processing overlords
Live Block Device Operations in QEMU
Build your own Skype... in the browser A background to WebRTC
Writing a Janus plugin in Lua C can be a scary world, let us come to the rescue!
The case for interface{} When and how to use empty interface
Perl in Computer Music
Using KVM to sandbox firmwares from the Linux Kernel or: How I learned to stop worrying and love EF…
Introduction to LLVM Building simple program analysis tools and instrumentation
DocBook Documentation at SUSE Automatically Ensuring Quality of SUSE Documentation
State of the rkt container runtime and its Kubernetes integration A look at the progress of rkt and…
Public money, public code, the Italian way Hacking Italian Administrations to get to the code (in a…
LTTng: The road to container awareness Kernel and userspace tracing in a containerized world
Optimized container live-migration Incremental live-migration of LXD system containers with CRIU
O’PAVES: An open platform for autonomous vehicle tinkerers
Test your API docs! It's tested or it's broken
Artificial intelligence dealing with the right to be forgotten
Writing REST APIs with OpenAPI and Swagger Ada
Mainline Linux on Motorola Droid 4
Cultural interpretations of Design and Openness
Self-host your visual assets with Free Software Introducing Identihub
LinuxBoot: Linux as Firmware Replace most of your firmware with Linux
Interface Animation from the Future
Pitch your project Present your FOSS project to designers and get them to contribute
Thunderbolt 3 and Linux
The case against "It just works" or how to avoid #idiocracy Design, education, politics and fake ne…
GRASS GIS in the sky GRASS GIS as high-performance remote sensing toolbox
Rendering map data with Mapnik and Python
Bicycle-sharing stations: profiling and availability prediction
Spatial Support in MySQL 8.0
Retro-uC An open source microcontroller with retro instruction sets
GeoPandas: easy, fast and scalable geospatial analysis in Python
LoRa Reverse Engineering and AES EM Side-Channel Attacks using SDR
Open source Big Geospatial Data analytics
Ceph management with openATTIC
LizardFS - a year in development
Literate Programming meets LLVM Passes
Building Rock Climbing Maps with OpenStreetMap
Developing software on ORIC microcomputers OSDK, Oricutron & friends
Running Android on the Mainline Graphics Stack
TiKV - building a distributed key-value store with Rust A transactional key-value store powered by …
TLS for MySQL at large scale
Sancus 2.0: Open-Source Trusted Computing for the IoT
Ring as a free universal distributed communication platform. The state of the project in 2018.
Get your decentralized project some EU funding EU calls free software developers for "Future Hyper-…
Real Time Clustering with OpenSIPS Nodes of a feather gossip together
Snabb - A toolkit for user-space networking
SatNOGS: Crowd-sourced satellite operations Satellite Open Source Ground Station Network
Your Build in a Datacenter Remote Caching and Execution in Bazel
Cypher for Apache Spark
Class Data Sharing Sharing Economy in the HotSpot VM
Industrialisation of applications build in embedded environment How to build AGL (Automotive Grade …
JVM startup: why it matters to the new world order
Fleet Commander: The efficient way of managing the Desktop profiles of your fleet! A brief descript…
SaMBa-AD, it works stories of battles fought and won
Rust On L4Re Safe Language Meets Safe Microkernel
OpenMetrics - an industry standard for metrics Standing on the shoulders of titans
Leveraging Software Defined Network for virtualization
QEMU in UEFI
Firefox: How to ship quality software 8000 new patches, a release every 6 weeks, how Mozilla does i…
Intel GFX CI and IGT Motivation, what services we provide, and how do we integrate with development?
The package bazaars and the cathedrals   Compare and contrast distro and app package and dependency…
Why hardware and operating system engineers need to talk
Designing PCBs with code Designing circuits with code instead of CAD
Microkernels in the Era of Data-Centric Computing
The open source EDA tool chain for the Chips4Makers project Is an ASIC made with fully open source …
Towards capabilities in HelenOS The elephant in the room
Package quality assurance
Meet purl: a "mostly" universal software package URL that purrs. Or how to indentify & locate softw…
Making the Ada_Drivers_Library: Embedded Programming with Ada
Lightning talks
DWARF5 and GNU extensions New ways to go from binary to source
Blue elephant on-demand:  Postgres + Kubernetes
SRv6 Network Programming on FD.io VPP and Linux
An update on VLC and the VideoLAN community VLC 4.0, VLC.js, VLC-VR?
The challenges of XDP hardware offload
Maintaining accessibility through testing?
LibreOffice for Haiku Port status
Update on GStreamer for Embedded Devices
Google’s approach to distributed systems observability for Go
Welcome
netmdev: mediated net_device Clean native userland access to net_devices from VPP, ODP, DPDK...
Making electronics How to assemble open source electronics projects
Introduction into the ppci project
GASdotto: a platform for ethical purchasing Matching freesoftware with ethical economy
War Stories from the Automotive FLOSS Front fun and pain doing FLOSS in the car
Hidden Gems in Draw/Impress Part 2 Functionalities you didn‘t even know that you might need or did …
Container Attached Storage (CAS) with OpenEBS A different approach to container storage
LizardFS and OpenNebula, a petabyte cloud the simple way How to move OpenNebula into the Petabyte s…
Spawny A different approach on logging in
Distributed File Storage in Multi-Tenant Clouds using CephFS
GStreamer & Rust Fast, safe and productive multimedia software
The Fabulous Destiny of 0000000200000008000000BB
Fast Packet Processing in Linux with AF_XDP
Using TPM 2.0 As a Secure Keystore on your Laptop It's not as difficult as you think!
ARB_gl_spirv: bringing SPIR-V to Mesa OpenGL Bringing SPIR-V to Mesa OpenGL
Drive your NAND within Linux Forget the word "nightmare"
Migrating code with SmaCC
Unleashing the Power of Unikernels with Unikraft
JavaParser: where should we head? How to generate, transform, analyze, refactor Java code
CryptPad Encrypted collaborative editing without trusting the server
Rusty robots Programming a self-balancing robot in Rust
Tree-sitter A new parsing system for programming tools
Painless Puppet Providers
The RED Method: How To Instrument Your Services.
Every subway network in the world
Easily Secure Your Front and Back End app with Keycloak
Technical Writing for Non-Writers
Presenting the Sympa Mailing List Manager and the new Sympatic CPAN module
Distributing OS Images with casync
FreeBSD : pkg provides A plugin for querying which package provides a particular file
A slightly different nesting: KVM on Hyper-V
Anonymous Whistleblowing with SecureDrop
The Generic Data Distribution System of the Retroshare Network An attempt to solve the problem of p…
Booting it successfully for the first time with mainline
Finding your way through the QEMU parameter jungle
Anatomy of the OpenOffice localization process And how to improve it in future
Exploring container image distribution with casync Experiments with the Content-Addressable Data Sy…
Everything you need to know about containers security Linux Containers and Docker security solutions
How to build and run OCI containers A shallow dive on the OCI container configuration and an overvi…
Organizer's Panel
DIY Java Static Analysis Presenting the internals of SonarJava : a static analyzer for Java written…
Babelfish: a universal code parser for source code analysis
Cumin: Flexible and Reliable Automation for the Fleet Real life examples from the Wikimedia Foundat…
So we have free web fonts; now what? Open-source fonts dominate the web, but not print or embedded …
Our Open Source Design collective and group photo
Improving GitLab's Navigation and Design System How we approached and strengthened our commitment t…
LLVM @RaincodeLabs Current and future uses of LLVM in Raincode Labs products
Connecting LLVM with a WCET tool
Icon Themes Reusable icon variables and mappings for customizable user interfaces
Game development for the ColecoVision and Sega 8-bit systems Developing for Z80-based video game sy…
Welcome & Chatting
Exploiting modern microarchitectures Meltdown, Spectre, and other hardware attacks
OSS-7: an opensource DASH7 stack When active RFID meets IoT and how to use DASH7 to build flexible …
Join the FREEWAT family FREEWAT (FREE and open source software tools for WATer resource management)
Geographically distributed Swift clusters
Accessing your Mbed device from anywhere using Pagekite How to create a Mbed library for Pagekite
DragonFFI Foreign Function Interface and JIT using Clang/LLVM
Efficient implementation of a spectrum scanner on a software-defined radio platform
Rust memory management A short intro
Rust - embedding WebAssembly for scripting  WebAssembly in non-Javascript environments
Developing applications with Swift as Storage System Learn about the API features to power up your …
Introducing rust-av A pure-Rust approach to multimedia
Why you should take a look at Rust? Insights into a modern, safe, fast language
Multitasking on Cortex-M class MCUs A deep-dive into the Chromium-EC OS
The story of UPSat Building the first open source software and hardware satellite
Easy::jit: just-in-time compilation for C++
CephFS Gateways Distributed Filesystem Access via NFS and Samba
Reaching const evaluation singularity An introduction into miri and Rust's const evaluation
Demystifying Rust parsing Language parsing and automatic binding generation
Servers can't be trusted, and thanks to tamper-proof journals EteSync doesn't need to!
GrayLog for Java developers
The future of Sympa from mailing lists to social networks
Static Infrastructure Status with Jekyll and GitHub Pages
Can we measure the (de)centralisedness of the Internet with RIPE Atlas?
Enroll 2FA to thousands of users with privacyIDEA Automating processes with privacyIDEA
Android Real Life experience in Production How an application developer can survive in the chaotic …
Reflections on Teaching a Unix Class With FreeBSD Lessons learned on both sides
Introduction to the decentralized internet part
Vis Editor: Combining modal editing with structural regular expressions
GrimoireLab: free software for software development analytics
The OpenJDK Developer Experience
G1 - Not^H^H^HNever Done!
Samba AD in Fedora The long road to AD
A pixel format guide to the galaxy A tool for interpreting pixel format definitions
Samba authentication and authorization Introduction to Active Directory Auth protocols and winbind …
Why People Don't Contribute To Your Open Source Project
JITing PostgreSQL using LLVM
De-mystifying contributing to PostgreSQL
Open Build Service in Debian It is impressive how much time and resources a team can save
Beyond string-based logging Structured logging with Serilog
What's new in Graphite 1.1
Elasticsearch (R)Evolution You Know, for Search...
Proposal for an open and democratic Design Rule format A missing piece in the open source EDA world
Matroska Low-Latency streaming Why Matroska is (always) Better
Building a WebRTC gateway Hacking with WebRTC native API
Maximizing UX for Customizing Improving user experience and accessibility of LibreOffice's Customiz…
Integrating cloud and container projects in the OPNFV community: Cross Community CI In this talk we…
Networking-VPP A fast forwarding vSwitch/vRouter for OpenStack
Nakadi Event Broker An event broker with a REST API, on top of Kafka-like queues
PBX on a non-specialized distro How and why we included an easy FreePBX setup in NethServer
EU-FOSSA 2 OSS bug bounties sponsored by the EU
Writing Node.js Modules in Rust An introduction to Neon
Blame (and) DNS: debugging tutorial Find out who, where, and how broke your DNS.
Idiomatic Rust Writing concise and elegant Rust code
Let's Fix The Internet
Introduction to LibrePCB A new, powerful and intuitive EDA tool for everyone
Portable graphics abstraction in Rust Bringing Vulkan everywhere with gfx-rs
Introducing gtk-rs Making the unsafe safe
ZFS: Advanced Integration Server, Laptop, Embedded, or Appliance -- ZFS is the Answer
Easy Ada Tooling with Libadalang
Distance computation in Boost.Geometry
Urbit: the personal server A clean-slate decentralized software stack.
Gluster-4.0 and GD2 Learn what's in Gluster's future
Improving Linux Laptop Battery Life Reducing Linux Power Consumption
Efficient and interactive 3D point cloud processing Combining the strengths of pdal, ipyvolume and …
MySQL 8.0 Roles Giving direction to MySQL privilege system
What's new with FPGA manager Overview and Updates
Turbocharging MySQL with Vitess
DNS privacy, where are we? A general examination of the current state of the DNS privacy project
Welcome to the Retrocomputing DevRoom A new devroom, for old tech
Orchestrator on Raft: internals, benefits and considerations
DOSEMU and FreeDOS: past, present and future
Dragonflow - An open network services ecosystem
SSSD: From an LDAP client to the System Security Services Daemon
i3 window manager A tiling wm for developers
Configuring build base on FreeBSD Making things easy for the user
Virtio 1.1  What's new in the next version of the Virtio standard
The Dynamo After Diffie Extending Disco-Era Crypto For Ubiquitous Secure Frameworking With Integral…
Zonemaster Comprehensive tool for DNS validation
A crash course on remote, moderated usability testing
User-level networking on Genode
DLR-CAFE: CUDA Filterbank Updates Brand-New: Arbitrary Resamplers for everyone
Will it blend? Comparison of oVirt, OpenStack and Kubernetes schedulers
DNSSEC for higher performace How aggressive use of DNSSEC-validated cache boosts DNS performace.
Open Source BIOS at Scale We gave it a try, it worked. You can jump in!
KiCad Version 5 New Feature Demo
NetBSD - A modern operating system for your retro battlestation
Qt GUIs with Rust Rust Qt Binding Generator
Moldable analysis with Moose
Nexmark A unified benchmarking suite for data-intensive systems with Apache Beam
Living on the Edge Greatly needed stub resolver capabilities for applications and systems with the …
DNS-based discovery for OpenID Connect Taking Single-Sign-On to the next level
Finding inter-procedural bugs at scale with Infer static analyzer
Forwarding system calls to userspace Using Seccomp to intercept system calls and forwarding them to…
Intro to Open Source Radio Telescopes
Accelerating Big Data Outside of the JVM Adventures with Apache Arrow, Spark, BEAM, Flink, and frie…
Langkit: source code analyzers for the masses Reviving the meta-compiler dream
HOMER 7 Introducing the latest HOMER 7
A unique processor architecture meeting LLVM IR and the IoT
NoSQL Means No Security?
Zero Downtime Deployment with Ansible
Developing Enterprise and Community distributions at the same time, impossible ? openSUSE / SUSE ex…
Perl 6 on Jupyter
A Guided Tour of Eclipse IoT: 3 Software Stacks for IoT
Welcome to the Legal and Policy Issues devroom
The State of OpenJDK
Breaking with conventional Configuration File Editing Puppet with a Key/Value API in a User Study
OpenJDK Governing Board Q&A
Parsing Posix [S]hell Yann Regis-Gianas
In the SpOOTlight: gr-radar Measuring EM backscatter, free and easy
Intro Geospatial devroom
Qt in Automotive What does the Qt Automotive Suite do?
The MySQL Ecosystem - understanding it, not running away from it!
Containing container memory Snapshots and live migration with CRIU
Shared Memory Parallelism in Ada: Load Balancing by Work Stealing
rustfix …and the journey to getting better code automatically
containerd 1.0 Project Update the how, why, brief history of containerd, and its use today as a cor…
Productionizing Spark ML Pipelines with the Portable Format for Analytics
Software Philanthropy for Everyone Engaging corporate philanthropy in free and open source software
Closing FOSDEM 2018
Intro to the SDR Devroom ..and updates from the community
Speech-to-Text in Jitsi Meet Is it possible to provide WebRTC meeting transcriptions? Let's find ou…
Scaling Deep Learning to hundreds of GPUs on HopsHadoop
How to write your own NIC device driver (and why) Our experience writing 10G/100G drivers for Snabb…
The circuit less traveled Investigating some alternate histories of computing.
Building Decentralised Communities with Matrix Introducing Matrix Communities (and more!) as a dece…
CrateDB: A Search Engine or a Database? Both! How We Built a SQL database on top of Elasticsearch a…
Rapid SPI Device Driver Development over USB
Open communication in WebVR with Matrix! Where Matrix.org meets The Matrix...
Browser-as-GUI and Web Applications with Gnoga
An Introduction to Ada for Beginning and Experienced Programmers
Advanced Go debugging with Delve
Ecosystems of Professional Libre Graphics Use
Distributions are not democracies and that's okay
Does data security rule out high performance? Is it possible to maintain the anonymity of people co…
AI on Microcontrollers uTensor brings Deep-Learning to MCUs
The Julia programming language A look at arrays and Trilinos integration
Godot 3, libre gamedev for everyone The 2D and 3D game engine you've waited for!
Designing a Libre Embedded / Mobile RISCV64 SoC Distillation of the best features and pin-multiplex…
Nouveau Status Update
Scaling messaging systems XMPP server MongooseIM and it's scalability options
The Magnificent Modular Mahout An extensible library for distributed math and HPC
How DeepLearning can help to improve geospatial DataQuality , an OSM use case.
The IoT botnet wars, Linux devices, and the absence of basic security hardening
Modules v4 Pushing forward user environment management
Python 3: 10 years later Looking back at Python evolutions of the last 10 years
Automated Linux Containers deployment for fun and profit. How we deploy system containers for our d…
Kids and Schools and Instant Messaging Experiences with free communications among kids and in educa…
GDAL Tips and Tricks GDAL installation, Python usage, and Cloud GeoTIFFs
Slurm in Action: Batch Processing for the 21st Century
Tools for large-scale collection and analysis of source code repositories Open source Git repositor…
Scale Out and Conquer: Architectural Decisions Behind Distributed In-Memory Systems
Distributing DevOps tools using GoLang and Containers, for Fun and Profit!
Behind the scenes of a FOSS-powered HPC cluster at UCLouvain Ansible or Salt? Ansible AND Salt!
Modern tools to debug GStreamer applications
Testing Red Hat Enterprise Linux the Microsoft way Diving into Pairwise (a.k.a. all-pairs) test cas…
Tying software deployment to scientific workflows Using Guix to make software deployment a first-cl…
Contract-based Programming: a Route to Finding Bugs Earlier
Melting the Snow Using Active DNS Measurements to Detect Snowshoe Spam Domains
Testing and Validating distributed systems with Apache Spark and Apache Beam
Combining CVMFS, Nix, Lmod, and EasyBuild at Compute Canada
High performance network functions with VPP
Lift your Speed Limits with Cython Fast native code for Python
BIND 9 Past, Present, and Future The future is scary. But you can't just run back to the past becau…
Rendering of subtitles in HTML5 with imscJS
XMPP as the road to innovation
A real life story about product testing with robotframework Lessons learned testing IoT devices wit…
Installing software for scientists on a multi-user HPC system A comparison between conda, EasyBuild…
Binary packaging for HPC with Spack
XWiki: a case study on managing corporate and community interests 14 years of Open Source in a Smal…
SystemTestPortal A web application for managing manual system tests
Ada, or How to Enforce Safety Rules at Compile Time
Repairing DNS at TLD scale DNS health in .CZ
Tips & Tricks to finance an Open Source Project without selling your soul
SPARK Language: Historical Perspective & FOSS Development
Load testing web services at Mozilla with Molotov http://molotov.readthedocs.io/
i++: run your FOSS off Automatically counting laps at the 24 hour run in Leuven
Migrating to Red Hat IdM in a large Linux Environment
Valgrind register allocator overhaul
Advanced testing in action on a Java project Demonstrating testing practices using Java, Maven, Doc…
Implementing a safe and auditable access to customer instances of your SaaS for the support staff w…
Asynchronous Decision Making - why and how How Asynchronous Decision Making works and why it's esse…
Working in the ODF TC
Piece of cake testing remote embedded devices made easy with MuxPi
Building an integration testing framework Integration testing framework we are building to test Git…
Rubber 'Duke' Debugging
Grafanalib - Dashboards as Code
Load testing with Locust
Passing the Baton: Succession planning for FOSS leadership
The LTTng approaches to solving complex problems
Observability: not just an Ops thing
Consensus as a Service Twenty Years of OSI Stewardship
pot: another container framework based on jails and ZFS A personal/educational project to run conta…
Live sculpting a Genode-based operating system
Graphite at Scale at Criteo: BigGraphite Bye bye whisper !
Wikilab, architecture & CNC Collaborative architecture and construction with FreeCAD
Monitoring Legacy Java Applications with Prometheus
Declarative Extensions for Kubernetes in Go
Grafana Tips & Tricks & Whats New in v5
Æ-DIR -- Authorized Entities Directory from paranoid user management to secure system management
Configuration Revolution Why it Needed 13 Years and How it Will be Done
IPC in 1-2-3 Everything you always wanted from a network, but were afraid to ask
You’ve Got Some Explaining to Do! So Use An FAQ!
Graph-based analysis of JavaScript source code repositories
Unix Architecture Evolution from the 1970 PDP-7 to the 2018 FreeBSD Important Milestones and Lesson…
Packaging C/C++ libraries with Conan
Simplifying the contribution process for both contributors & maintainers A case study of the GitHub…
How To Make Package Managers Cry
Building and testing a distributed data store in Go
LibreOffice's automatic updater work A progress report
Make your Go go faster! Optimising performance through reducing memory allocations
Generic Graphics Tablets in Linux Hardware peculiarities, software challenges, and how to make them…
Evolving Prometheus for the Cloud Native World
oVirt Metrics and logs - in a unified solution
CBSD, Isolation manager How to manage jails, bhyve VMs and Xen via CBSD, while keeping it all simple
What's new in Upipe
The free toolchain for the STM8 Getting into first place when non-free tools had years of head star…
Italy: the most hacker-friendly country? Developers Italia, what happens when a nation goes Open
Creating GopherJS Apps with gRPC-Web
OpenBSD as house alarm system Openbsd is not only good for network related projects
User Session Recording in Cockpit Introducing User Session Recording support in Cockpit - a server …
pkgsrc on ChromeOS
The FreeBSD Foundation and How We Are Changing the World
Networking Swiss Army Knife for Go
syspatch(8)OpenBSD base system maintenance made easy
The MDN Browser Compat Data Project
BulletinBoard DHT and wireguard-p2p
Native GTK3 UIprogress from gtk3 themed vcl widgets to native gtk widgets
Automated system partitioning based on hypergraphs for 3D stacked integrated circuits
Pulp 3 - Simpler, Better, More awesome
Addressing the long tail of applications
Reducing CPU usage of a Toro Appliance
Hurd's PCI arbiter
MethodHandles Everywhere!
The many ways of using Guix packagesA guide to which ways might suit you
NetBSD and MercurialThe challenges of a long history
GPU resource multiplexing in component based systems
Media 101 for Communities
Everything is a device!Lessons learned from experimenting with MH
BSD from scratch - from source to OS with ease on NetBSD
Arthur Huillet   Anatomy of a role playing game
Why the community should welcome Average Jane and Joe
Wikiotics
Working with contributor communities  round table
coapp
The Wild West of UNIX I O
Native Linux KVM Tool
vcsh
Q A with the FOSDEM  staff
Coreboot
Wayland
Working with contributor communities  round table
Minemu
Bringing monitoring into the 21st century
FOSS in Broadcast
How we scaled up OpenQuake
netmagis
Voice Applications for the Modern Open Source Hacker
Wazaabi
A strategy for managing diverse equipment in the CERN controls group
Caching and tuning fun for high scalability
Threat Modeling Revolutionized
Multipath TCP
mail2trac
Debian packaging for beginners
dovecot
Geeklog  The secure CMS
ARM BoF
Re thinking system and distro development
QA tools for FOSS distributions
Libre fm and GNU FM   Supporting free culture artists with free software
cassandra
Linux containers and OpenVZ
Virtualization with KVM
Implementing Domain Specific Languages with LLVM
semantic mediawiki
Free Software  A Viable Model for Commercial Success
EFL
Internet of Threads
The Growl Project
ganeti
LibreOffice
Multi OS Continuous Packaging with Project Builder org
A New OSI for A New Decade
git annex   manage files with git, without checking their contents into git
Hacking in the real world
fosdem2012  anders rundgren open security hardware
EPFSUG   everybody needs a hacker
Unhosted
PMD5
openremote
Powerful tools for Linux C C   developers based on Eclipse
fosdem2012  tomas gustavsson cesecore common criteria
Greenlight for girls
You're doing it wrong
fosdem2012  branko majic x509 free software deployment
SDWB
Btrfs and Snapper
ZIOFramework
XQuery 3 0 Rocks
fosdem2012  paul bakker polarssl part1
Introduction to hardening, the Gentoo Hardened approach
LISPmob
fosdem2012  anders rundgren open security hardware
fosdem2012  branko majic x509 free software deployment
welcome talk
Transifex
An introduction to EclipseRT
fosdem2012  tomas gustavsson cesecore common criteria
Debian Secrets   what I wish I knew before joining Debian
fosdem2012  benedikt heintel cacert
fosdem2012  benedikt heintel cacert
fosdem2012  paul bakker polarssl part2
How to replace a legacy tool with 100k installations
Caret and Stick
How to replace a legacy tool with 100k installations
fosdem2012  paul bakker polarssl part2
fosdem2012  kashyap chamarthy dogtag
Univention Corporate Server
Gentoo EAPI 5
fosdem2012  paul bakker polarssl part1
Distributions  infrastructure system administration  round table Q A
OpenQA
fosdem2012  chris conlon yassl
Coping with wide impact changes in a distribution
fosdem2012  kashyap chamarthy dogtag
Adventure of setting common account database for a distribution infrastructure
debtags debian net reloaded
Gnuk
Illumian
Multiarch - why it's important
Gentoo ruby packaging
Succeeding in the Google Summer of Code as a large project
Why Political Liberty Depends on Software Freedom More Than Ever
Data as a service with infinispanfull
apache wicket
The Storage Technologies Behind Facebook Messages
firefox4, new features for userd and developers
The life of a firefox feature
Liberating Open Office Development
linux disaster recovery with rear
golang, practical Go Programming
systemd, beyond init
openstack building a free massively scalable cloud computing platform
How kernel development goes wrong and why you should be a part of it anyway
I'm going M.A.D
objectc, Not just for Macs and iPhones
devops More than Marketing
webODF, an office suite built on browser technology
calligra Under the Hood
Django's architecture - the good, the bad, and the ugly
qt webkit goes Mobile
Forban: a simple link-local opportunistic p2p free software
PL/Parrot: Cutting Edge Free Software
chicken
xwiki
aalto
scala
Opening talk FOSDEM 2011
Coreboot: x86 system boot and initialization
neo4j
mediamosa
villagetelco
Sahi: automated cross-browser web testing
Mongrel2: Lighting up IPv6
cyassl
Apache Etch: Efficient and feature-rich network services
timebank
freemedforms
libregraphics
flashrom
agora
irail
PageKite: Making The Web 1000x Bigger
magellan
sirius
cloud9
ucengine
0mq
android video streaming
railsadmin
seeks
kdevelop
security 1800   opensc  paljak
security 1415   libcurl  stenberg
security 1730   dynalogin  pocock
security 1345   ssh  adamantiadis
mozilla sun1330   mozmill  skupin
security 1700   systemtap  kunysz
Fighting I/O: a story of Firefox startup speed improvements
security 1315   smartcard  poure
security 1630   trust  walter
security 1445   cyassl  stefonic
security 1600   pkcs11  mavrogiannopoulos
security 1500   fribid  borell
security 1530   ejbca  gustavsson
security 1300   intro  paljak
drools
The Ruby and .NET love child
Building The Virtual Babel: Mono In Second Life
Mono Edge
Moonlight and you
ParallelFx, bringing Mono applications in the multicore era
MonoDevelop
The Evolution of MonoTorrent
OSCTool - learning C# and Mono by doing
Image processing with Mono.Simd
Smuxi - IRC in a modern environment
RPM packaging collaboration
Transactionally Protected Package Management
Distribution HR management
Packaging perl and CPAN modules
The Maemo Community Council a case study in governance
Mobile distributions and upstream challenges
NixOS configuration system
MirrorBrain
Cross distro dependency resolution reusing solvers among distros
Fedora Governance
Linux distribution for the cloud
Infrastructure round table
The youri project
Spacewalk Linux Systems Lifecycle Management
Debian and Ubuntu
Continuous Packaging with Project Builder org
Config Model and configuration upgrades during package upgrade
YaST Future Roadmap
Working with GNOME upstream
bootchart2
How to be a good upstream
Cross distro packaging experience with the openSUSE Buildservice
Translations of package descriptions
Hermes Message Dispatching
Debian Secrets power tools for power users
Cross distro packaging with top git
Fedora fr and upstream French communities
Distribution Image building with KIWI
The free software desktops graphics driver stack
GPU Userspace - kernel interface & Radeon kernel modesetting status
Polishing X11 and making it shiny
Coreboot and PC technical details
ACPI and Suspend/Resume under coreboot
Building a Database Application with (almost) no Code   Lars Sonchocky Helldorf   FOSDEM  2009
Building Server Applications using Objective C and GNUstep   Nicola Pero   FOSDEM  2009
GAP Applications + PRICE   Riccardo Mottola   FOSDEM  2009
Garbage collection with Objective C   Richard Frith Macdonald   FOSDEM  2009
Web Services in Objective C   Richard Frith Macdonald & Riccardo Mottola   FOSDEM  2009
Etoile   David Chisnall (via iChat) & Damien Pollet   FOSDEM  2009
Theming in GNUstep   Richard Frith Macdonald   FOSDEM  2009
ScalableOGo   Helge Hess   FOSDEM  2009
Systems management with RHQ and Jopr
Starting the sysadmin tools renaissance: Flapjack + cucumber-nagios
Building High Performance Web Applications with the Dojo Toolkit
Postgresql: Lists and Recursion and Trees (oh my)
Scaling Facebook with OpenSource tools
CouchDB! REST and Database!
Maemo 6 security framework, making happy DRM business and freedom lovers with the same device
RepRap - Manufacturing for the Masses
Write and Submit your first Linux kernel Patch
MariaDB: extra features that make it a better branch of MySQL
MooTools as a General Purpose Application Framework
Ganglia: 10 years of monitoring clusters and grids
Javascript charting with YUI Flot
The Nmap scripting engine
Tor: Building, Growing, and Extending Online Anonymity
OSSEC
Promoting Open Source Methods at a Large Company
Inside StatusNet: How Identi.ca Works
Evil on the Internet
What is my system doing - Full System Observability with SystemTap
Large scale data analysis made easy - Apache Hadoop
MINIX 3: a Modular, Self-Healing POSIX-compatible Operating System
Welcome to FOSDEM 2010
Kaizendo.org: Customizing schoolbooks the free software way
SIP Communicator: Skype-like conf calls with SIP Communicator
OpenPCF: An Open Provisioning and Control Framework
tinc: the difficulties of a peer-to-peer VPN on the hostile Internet
Faban: Developing benchmarks and workloads using Faban 1.0
Wt::Dbo: a C++ ORM (Object Relational Mapping) library
SyncEvolution: From the SyncML Protocol to Free and Open Implementations
shadowcircle: a pentesting distribution alternative
PortableApps.com: The PortableApps.com Platform, an Introduction and Overview
GeeXboX: An Introduction to Enna Media Center
Beernet: Building peer-to-peer systems with transactional replicated storage
GNU Savannah: 100% free software mass-hosting
CAcert: Client-certificates and SSO - the old-new thing
Uzbl: A webbrowser which adheres to the unix philosophy
Qi Hardware's Ben NanoNote: open to the bone device
asterisk: An introduction to Asterisk Development
csync: Roaming Home Directories
QuBit: Introducing Quantum Superpositions
Kamailio (OpenSER) 3.0.0: redefinition of SIP server
Kerrighed: Flexible distributed checkpoint/restart
Open-source software: Blaming the unknown, or a constructive approach to technology
Padre, the Perl IDE: Building an open source team, getting the project to users against the odds
jpoker: a pure javascript poker client
OpenERP: Design applicactions with OpenObject in minutes
UmlCanvas: bringing UML diagrams to the web
LiMux: 5 years on the way to free software in Munich
CiviCRM: Common goals of FOSS and Not For Profit Organisations
Coccinelle: Finding bugs in open source systems code
Cloudlets: universal server images for the cloud
The Wiki for Open Technologies: How to share your projects and knowledge
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Cross Build
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Education
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE cdn
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Netbooks
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE KDE
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Legal
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Yast
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Wine
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Apport
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Gnome
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Zypper
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Collaboration
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE openfate
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Studio
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Community
FOSDEM 2009 openSUSE Welcome
FOSDEM 2009 MySQL High Availability Solutions
FOSDEM 2009 Help my system is slow
FOSDEM 2009 Google Summer Of Code
FOSDEM 2009 Zarafa
FOSDEM 2009 Syslinux and the dynamic x86 boot process
FOSDEM 2009 Upstart
FOSDEM 2009 MediaWiki
FOSDEM 2009 CalDAV - the open groupware protocol
FOSDEM 2009 Free and Open Future
FOSDEM 2009 OSI
FOSDEM 2009 Ext4
FOSDEM 2009 OWASP Web Testing Methodology
FOSDEM 2009 Debian
FOSDEM 2009 OpenAMQ
FOSDEM 2009 - 10 cool things about Exherbo
FOSDEM 2009 Scala - A Scalable Language
FOSDEM 2009 Cobbler & Koan
FOSDEM 2009 Welcome
FOSDEM 2009 The Fedora Project
FOSDEM 2009 Reverse Engineering of Proprietary Protocols, Tools and Techniques
FOSDEM 2009 Fusil fuzzing
FOSDEM 2009 FreeIPA, Identity Management
FOSDEM 2009 Xwiki
FOSDEM 2009 Secure List Server
FOSDEM 2009 MuseScore
FOSDEM 2009 LTS
FOSDEM 2009 Usbpicprog
FOSDEM 2009 TikiWiki
FOSDEM 2009 Linux Defenders
FOSDEM 2009 SmallMail
FOSDEM 2009 Marionnet
FOSDEM 2009 Pyroom
FOSDEM 2009 ModularIT
FOSDEM 2009 Hyves Puppet
FOSDEM 2009 Opsview
FOSDEM 2009 Games engines done good
FOSDEM 2009 Camelot
FOSDEM 2009 FreedroidRPG
FOSDEM 2009 Gemvid
FOSDEM 2009 eZ Find
FOSDEM 2009 Mobile Development
FOSDEM 2009 Bug
FOSDEM 2009 LXDE
FOSDEM 2009 FLOSSMetrics
FOSDEM 2009 Apache felix
FOSDEM 2009 Custom OpenSolaris
FOSDEM 2008  hudson
FOSDEM 2008  webscarab
FOSDEM 2008  packagekit
FOSDEM 2008  wesnoth
FOSDEM 2008  xen
FOSDEM 2008  tuxwithshades
FOSDEM 2008  globulation2
FOSDEM 2008  swpat
FOSDEM 2008  openqrm
FOSDEM 2008  virtualbox
FOSDEM 2008  klik
FOSDEM 2008  jruby
FOSDEM 2008  scons
FOSDEM 2008  perl6
FOSDEM 2008  cakephp
FOSDEM 2008  largescale
FOSDEM 2008  mozprism
FOSDEM 2008  conary
FOSDEM 2008  crystalspace
FOSDEM 2008  welcome
fosdem08_day2_12_zeroconf
fosdem08_day2_11_accessibility
fosdem08_day2_08_satsolver
FOSDEM 2008  zapcat
FOSDEM 2008  squeak
FOSDEM 2008  view os
FOSDEM 2008  terracotta
FOSDEM 2008  wir3d
FOSDEM 2008  tangogps
FOSDEM 2008  xmms2
FOSDEM 2008  stylebaseeclipse
FOSDEM 2008  project indiana
FOSDEM 2008  openafs
FOSDEM 2008  polippix
FOSDEM 2008  sepia
fosdem08_day1_02_coolo
FOSDEM 2008  mamona
fosdem08_day2_10_redirector
FOSDEM 2008  opentc
FOSDEM 2008  eff
FOSDEM 2008  ggz gaming zone
fosdem08_day2_06_kiwi
FOSDEM 2008  iogrind
FOSDEM 2008  k3d
FOSDEM 2008  indywiki
fosdem08_day1_04_buildservice_webclient
FOSDEM 2008  bongo
FOSDEM 2008  foresight
fosdem08_day2_09_1click
FOSDEM 2008  coherence
FOSDEM 2008  archetype
FOSDEM 2008  ganeti
FOSDEM 2008  dacco
git___Pierre_Habouzit
FOSDEM 2008  alfresco
FOSDEM 2008  cloudbridges
fosdem08_day2_03_energystar
fosdem_2008 _remi
fosdem_2008 _bridgman
fosdem_2008 _nouveau
fosdem_2008 _gallium
Cross building_Debian_and_Tdebs___Neil_Williams
fosdem_2008 _intel
fosdem08_day2_02_gnome
fosdem08_day2_05_suspend
FOSDEM 2008  ajatus
FOSDEM 2008  bluepad
fosdem08_day2_01_kde4
fosdem_2008 _helge
fosdem_2008 _eich
fosdem_2008 _daniel
fosdem_2008 _michael
fosdem08_day1_06_basesystem
fosdem08_day1_05_buildservice_bestpractices
The_long_road_to_Debian_Edu_in_main___Holger_Levsen
fosdem08_day2_07_yast
fosdem08_day2_04_hal_dbus
Lenny_the_past_and_the_future___Luk_Claes
Update_on_Virtualization_in_Debian___Henning_Sprang
The_Belgian_electronic_ID_card_in_Debian___Wouter_Verhelst
Apt_Xapian_Index___Enrico_Zini
How_accessible_is_Debian___Samuel_Thibault
Persistent_device_naming___Frans_Pop
FOSDEM 2007  Xorg
FOSDEM 2007  Samba
FOSDEM 2007  ProfilingDesktopApplication
FOSDEM 2007  Plone
FOSDEM 2007  SecurityTesting
FOSDEM 2007  Metasploit
FOSDEM 2007  Liberating Java
FOSDEM 2007  BeyondGPLv3
FOSDEM 2007  GEGL
FOSDEM 2007  LinuxBios
FOSDEM 2007  ReactOS
FOSDEM 2007  SecureCommunicationsWithJabber
FOSDEM 2007  Mozilla
FOSDEM 2007  Bacula
FOSDEM 2007  OLPC
FOSDEM 2007  Drupal
FOSDEM 2007  Status of Software Patents in Europe
FOSDEM 2007  JBoss
FOSDEM 2007  Welcome
FOSDEM 2007  AIGLX
FOSDEM 2007  Thanks
FOSDEM 2006  valgrind
FOSDEM 2006  valgrind
FOSDEM 2006  openSUSE 12 Live_CD 2006  02 26 video_full
FOSDEM 2006  xen
FOSDEM 2006  speex
FOSDEM 2006  ser
FOSDEM 2006  rife
FOSDEM 2006  openSUSE 05 Packaging 2006  02 26 video_full
FOSDEM 2006  openSUSE 03 PowerSave 2006  02 25 video_full
FOSDEM 2006  plan9
FOSDEM 2006  openSUSE 07 DRPMsync 2006  02 26 video_full
FOSDEM 2006  subversion
FOSDEM 2006  valgrind_questions
FOSDEM 2006  ouverture
FOSDEM 2005  kernel
FOSDEM 2005  sysfs
FOSDEM 2006  asterisk tuto
FOSDEM 2006  XUL
FOSDEM 2005  Copyright
FOSDEM 2005  slackware
FOSDEM 2006  GPL
FOSDEM 2006  OpenOffice
FOSDEM 2006  apparmor
FOSDEM 2005  KDE
FOSDEM 2005  Nautilus
FOSDEM 2005  OpenGFS
FOSDEM 2005  Globus
FOSDEM 2005  devmapper
FOSDEM 2005  LinuxHA
FOSDEM 2005  Xfce
FOSDEM TV Interview 2008 02 23
